2024-11-09T12:08:00
TechTu
SQL Developer
TechTu • Sunnyvale, CA • via Glassdoor
25 days ago
Full-time
Apply directly on Glassdoor
Apply on Jobilize
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    SQL Developer
    (NOT ETL, BI or SSIS, SSRS profiles)
    High focus on quality and on-time delivery!
    Strong experience in MS SQL Server Development
    Experience with developing triggers, stored procedures from scratch
    Will work on the infrastructure migration project/s, migrating all file system and database to AWS, so good prior experience in this area is required
    Should have a deep knowledge of database architect design, familiar with data replication among AWS servers, queries, stored procedure, etc
    Participate & contribute in design reviews & modifications necessary for migrtion to AWS and document the details
    Ability and willingness to learn new technologies and tools quickly
    Able to react to change productively and handle other essential tasks as assigned
    Bachelor's degree or foreign academic equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Software Engineering or closely related field of study and preferably three plus years of relevant experience or a related field of study required
    Minimum 3+ years in MS SQL server development
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with different levels within the organization as well as collaborate with technical teams
    Ability to work independently, with general direction and guidance
    Self-motivated, flexible, team player with solid multi-tasking, time management & organization expertise with the ability to manage multiple and often changing priorities

Responsibilities

    The main responsibilities of this role is to design, develop, maintain SQLs, stored triggers & procedures in a small team with high ambitions for innovation, growth, and new development

Job description
POSTING DATE:
09/05/2021

POSTING ID:
TT-0004SQL

STATUS:
OPEN

WORK SITE:
Sunnyvale, CA or

4900 Hopyard Road Suite 100 Pleasanton CA 94588. May work at various unanticipated locations throughout the US, relocation may be required.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Primary Duties:

TechTu Business Solutions, Inc. is a California corporation that has been providing IT Solutions and Services since 2005. We have been providing IT services for the past 14 years for Corporate clients, Public sectors, and other agencies within the states of Maryland, Arizona, California, Vermont, and Ohio.

We are seeking a Sr. SQL Developer. (NOT ETL, BI or SSIS, SSRS profiles)

The main responsibilities of this role is to design, develop, maintain SQLs, stored triggers & procedures in a small team with high ambitions for innovation, growth, and new development. High focus on quality and on-time delivery!
• Strong experience in MS SQL Server Development.
• Experience with developing triggers, stored procedures from scratch.
• Will work on the infrastructure migration project/s, migrating all file system and database to AWS, so good prior experience in this area is required.
• Should have a deep knowledge of database architect design, familiar with data replication among AWS servers, queries, stored procedure, etc.
• Participate & contribute in design reviews & modifications necessary for migrtion to AWS and document the details.
• It would be a plus if the candidate can help to improve the data upload functions in the existing MFG SW written in C++/C# code.
• Ability and willingness to learn new technologies and tools quickly.
• Able to react to change productively and handle other essential tasks as assigned.

EXPERIENCE/

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor's degree or foreign academic equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Software Engineering or closely related field of study and preferably three plus years of relevant experience or a related field of study required.
• Minimum 3+ years in MS SQL server development.
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with different levels within the organization as well as collaborate with technical teams.
• Ability to work independently, with general direction and guidance.
• Self-motivated, flexible, team player with solid multi-tasking, time management & organization expertise with the ability to manage multiple and often changing priorities.

IF INTERESTED PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME TO hr@techtu.com
Report this listing
More jobs at TechTu
See web results for TechTu

2024-11-09T12:34:00
http://applicant.mightyrecruiter.com/jobs/apply/sql-server-dba-at-infrastaff-in-pleasanton-ca-2ef6dae47b19cde00d049328b47169d0?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic
SQL Server DBA

    InfraStaff Pleasanton, CA, 94566 Contract > 12 months Experienced 

View All Jobs at InfraStaff

Posted on 11/13/2019
Job Description:

A Microsoft SQL Server DBA Consultant shall possess 7+ years technical knowledge and experience with the following systems, platforms, applications skills:
 

    Experience administrating Microsoft Windows Server – versions 2008 R2 / 2012 / 2014/ 2016
    Experience building Microsoft Windows Clusters using Microsoft Windows Server – versions 2008 R2 / 2012 / 2014 / 2016
    Experience with Microsoft SQL Server databases, capacity planning, performance tuning, high availability in complex environments and mission critical applications.
    Experience with T-SQL, PowerShell, VB.Net, VB Script, and Windows Script
    Expert with Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS), Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), Microsoft SQL Server Analytical Services(SSAS) - versions  2008 R2 / 2012 / 2014 / 2016
    Experience building/deploying SSIS packages
    Experience building/deploying SSRS reports
    Experience providing SSAS support
    Experience building/deploying SQL Jobs, including database maintenance packages
    In-depth experience with installation, configuration, upgrade, patching, migrating the above Microsoft SQL Server products to higher versions or/and different hardware or/and different OS, including SQL Server in a clustered environment.
    Expert in disaster recovery
    Expert Microsoft SQL Server DBA hands on skills in supporting a production database in all operations, such as troubleshooting daily operational issues|
    Expert in being able to troubleshoot various issues within Microsoft Windows Server or/and Microsoft SQL Server
    Providing end user support and customer service management.
    Extensive knowledge with complex SQL and T-SQL programming and optimization.
    Good writing skills to provide documentation for DBA and other teams.
    Tracking, monitoring, and reporting database jobs and processes using various software products
    Communicate and prepare management reports to IT management and end users

Must Haves:

    5+ years hands-on MS SQL Server administration and operation experiences
    Strong knowledge of MS SQL Server HA and DR solutions
    Proven expertise in query optimization and database performance management
    Detail oriented and have a ability to meet project deadlines in a fast moving environment 

Interview process:- In-person interview followed by Phone interview. 

Company Description:

InfraStaff is bridging the gap between the employer and the job seeker.

Our mission is to remain a constant stay in the staffing industry by providing comprehensive, professional, cutting-edge search and recruiting services in an ever-changing job market.  
Powered by MightyRecruiter
Apply For This Job
Enter first name*
Enter last name*
Enter email address*
Enter phone
Enter zip code*
Attach Resume or copy & paste *
Supported formats: .DOC, .DOCX, .TXT, .RTF, .PDF, .HTM, .HTML
Add Cover Letter (optional)
By clicking the above button, I am consenting to MightyRecruiter's terms of use and privacy policy. I also consent to have an account created for me on MightyRecruiter so that I can track the status of my job application and perform other job search activities.
Query?
Have a question for the Recruiter?
© 2024, Bold Limited. All rights reserved
applicant.mightyrecruiter.com uses cookies as well as our third-party affiliates. No personal data is collected through cookies until you opt in to create application. Learn more
×

2024-11-09T12:46:00
Intelliswift
SQL Developer
Intelliswift • San Jose, CA • via ZipRecruiter
Full-time
No Degree Mentioned
Apply on ZipRecruiter
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    Should have strong SQL knowledge
    Candidate should have prior experience of working in Analytics area and strong data capability

Responsibilities

    Integrate data from multiple data Sources in one/many scripts and Visualize the data through the dashboards
    After reviewing and analyzing data, design reports/Dashboards to show statistics and KPI information about the data
    Collaborate with multiple teams to discuss on the source of data

More job highlights
Job description
1. Should have strong SQL knowledge.
2. Candidate should have prior experience of working in Analytics area and strong data capability.
3. Integrate data from multiple data Sources in one/many scripts and Visualize the data through the dashboards
4. After reviewing and analyzing data, design reports/Dashboards to show statistics and KPI information about the data
5. Collaborate with multiple teams to discuss on the source of data.
Report this listing
More jobs at Intelliswift
See web results for Intelliswift

2024-11-09T12:57:00
info@sysmind.com
SysMind Tech
MS SQL DBA
SysMind Tech • San Ramon, CA • via ZipRecruiter
Full-time
No Degree Mentioned
Apply on ZipRecruiter
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    MS SQL DBA , EXP : 8 to 10 year
    Install, upgrade, configure, and administer SQL Server
    Should have minimum knowledge in T
    8 more items(s)

Responsibilities

    Configure databases, storage, memory, and network
    Analyze existing SQL queries for performance improvements
    Administration, performance monitoring, tuning, reporting, and root cause analysis
    7 more items(s)

More job highlights
Job description
Position: MS SQL DBA

Location: San Ramon, CA 94583 (Initial Remote)

Duration: 6-12 months

MS SQL DBA , EXP : 8 to 10 year
• Install, upgrade, configure, and administer SQL Server.
• Configure databases, storage, memory, and network.
• Analyze existing SQL queries for performance improvements.
• Should have minimum knowledge in T
• -SQL writing stored procedures, triggers and functions.
• Administration, performance monitoring, tuning, reporting, and root cause analysis.
• Develop capacity planning and benchmarking methods.
• Plan and implement effective backup and restore strategy.
• Implement advanced HA features.
• Perform data movement and data refresh operations across environments.
• Proactively monitor SQL Server workload and identify areas of improvement.
• Optimize database performance.
• Support ongoing database maintenance tasks and implement automation.
• Design SQL Server databases by following best practices.
• Database and applications security, as well as Backup and recovery.
• Review application and database changes prior to deployments.
• Monitor and manage database sessions, jobs and scheduled tasks.
• Experience in resolving issues related to Mirroring and Alwayson.
• Assist with High availability and Disaster recovery setup, Database Health Checks and optimization, Monitoring and management setup/configuration.
• Experience in monitoring database performance, generate session trace and should be able to do first level investigation.
Report this listing
More jobs at SysMind Tech
See web results for SysMind Tech

2024-11-09T13:09:00
Futran Tech Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Sr. MSSQL DB Administrator
Futran Tech Solutions Pvt. Ltd. • Pleasanton, CA • via ZipRecruiter
Full-time
No Degree Mentioned
Apply on ZipRecruiter
Apply on Ladders
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    Highly self-motivated and directed
    Keen attention to detail
    Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities
    Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment
    Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
    Creation and administration of Microsoft SQL Server 2016-2022 databases on Windows platform, using automation to execute timely administration-based tasks
    Extensive experience of Always-on and Availability Groups in a multi-site environment
    Ensure appropriate jobs are scheduled to maintain nightly maintenance jobs
    Document of database configuration and on-going management of configuration drifts, continuous review of existing and creation of new database processes and procedures, periodic entitlement reviews
    Upgrading and patching Microsoft SQL Server 2016-2022 databases
    Implementation, administration, and usage of industry tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Sentry
    Development and implementation of database automation solutions and performing quality assurance verification of various database project implementations
    Proactive database performance monitoring and tuning, optimization of existing and creation of new database performance monitoring procedures

Responsibilities

    In addition to the responsibilities below, this position is responsible for leading a team of database administrators and will be the escalation point for troubleshooting complex issues in multi-tiered application environments
    This position will require working directly with the systems engineering team members to help solve issues that span multiple technology tiers, storage/network/server
    The person in this position will be responsible to perform various database administration activities for SQL Server 2016-2022 databases on Microsoft Server infrastructure hosted on both physical and virtual platforms
    SQL Server database administration, configuration, load balancing, performance tuning, backup and recovery
    Database sizing and space management, SQL and command shell programming, SQL tuning, diagnostics of SQL Server 2016, 2019,2022
    Support deployment of updated SQL code
    Work with development teams on identifying badly performing queries
    Enhance existing monitoring tools configurations to predict system issues
    Increase uptime by enhancing and supporting HA configurations of both single site multi-site SQL instances
    Maintains working knowledge of the IT industry and vendor market to effectively address the development of database software systems and the ongoing demands for enhancements to existing systems to provide efficient services to business department and other database/application users
    Researches, evaluates, and recommends database educational material to peers and management
    Performs other job-related duties requiring the same general knowledge, skills and degree of responsibility equivalent to the assigned level
    Ability to provide on-call support during off-business hours on regular days and the weekends
    Strong technical documentation skills
    Strong customer service orientation

Job description
Sr. MSSQL DB Administrator

Location: Pleasanton, CA (Hybrid)

Additional Locations:

Description:

In addition to the responsibilities below, this position is responsible for leading a team of database administrators and will be the escalation point for troubleshooting complex issues in multi-tiered application environments. This position will require working directly with the systems engineering...
Show full description
Report this listing
More jobs at Futran Tech Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
See web results for Futran Tech Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

 (609)-451-0077

info@futransolutions.com
New Jersey, USA.

1235 US Highway 1, STE 2100, Edison,
NJ 08837
Ontario, Canada

11 Steinway Blvd, Unit-12, Etobicoke
ON M9W 6S9
Hyderabad, India

817, 8th Floor, Block III, White House,
Begumpet, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500016.
Pune, India

35/1/1, 5th Floor, Fiesta Building, Pune - Mumbai Highway, next to Roharsh Motors (Renault showroom), Baner, Pune, Maharashtra 411045
Vadodara, India

A3, 3rd Floor, above RBL Bank, Shree Nidhi Gallery, Shankar Nagar, Vasna Bhayli Road, Vadodara, Gujarat - 390007