2024-11-25T17:32:00...2024-11-25T17:44:00

Cyence
Cloud Ops Database Administrator
Cyence • San Mateo, CA • via Powderkeg
Full-time
Apply on Powderkeg
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    Do you have a basic understanding of relational databases and the SQL language?
    Guidewire is looking for a highly motivated individual to join our Cloud Operations team as an Database Administrator
    Deploying or migrating databases into AWS (ec2 or RDS) or any hands-on experience working with AWS or other public cloud providers a distinct advantage
    Highly proficient in one or more of these RDBMS technologies:
    MS SQL Server
    Working knowledge of one or more database high availablilty scenarios such as:
    AWS Multi-AZ database deployments
    MS SQL Server Always on Availability Groups
    Knowledge of one or more database data replication tools such as:
    MS SQL Server transactional replication
    Unix/Linux general administration skills and/or bash/python/powershell scripting a distinct advantage
    Knowledge of ANSI SQL Language (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, JOIN, WHERE, etc…)
    Strong analytical, communication both written and verbal and quality control skills
    Ability to manage multiple tasks with different deadlines
    Detail oriented, self-motivated and uses sound judgment
    A team player who works well with others
    Desire to learn and improve your skills
    Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite products
    General desktop with Windows and Linux server experience
    5+ years’ experience in database administration
    3+ years’ experience in Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL or other database scripting language

Responsibilities

    Team: Product Development Operations
    CloudOps Database Administrator
    You will be learning new and exciting AWS processes as we embrace our journey to the cloud
    In addition, you will learn additional database platforms which will expand your skills in both database administration, performance tuning and Cloud Computing
    Assist in daily administration activities including setup, configuration and monitoring of databases to ensure backups, availability and performance are all maintained to the highest standards
    Tuning, trouble shooting and on-call production support for database environments deployed in multi-AZ AWS environments both on the EC2 and RDS/Aurora platforms
    Monitor and work the JIRA ticket queue for request to make schema changes, security changes, execute scripts against the databases and refresh non-production databases
    Advise application development and support teams on process bottlenecks and provide database tuning to ensure optimal performance
    Assist the support staff to troubleshoot SQL and any other database errors
    Provide 24*7 on-call support (includes holidays) for the Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server and Aurora (MySQL/PostgreSQL) production and non-production databases
    Report weekly to management about abnormalities and critical issues; provide root cause analysis and recommendations; work with infrastructure team, application team and/or other teams for problem resolutions, following the escalation path if needed
    Be available after hours and weekends as necessary for customer maintenance's

Job description
Location: Canada - Remote

Employment Type: Full-time

Team: Product Development Operations

CloudOps Database Administrator
Job Description:
Looking to start an exciting new career as a Cloud Database Administrator? Do you have a basic understanding of relational databases and the SQL language? Guidewire is looking for a highly motivated individual to join our Cloud Operations team as an Database Administrator. As a DBA at Guidewire, assignments, decision making and complexity are not limited to just carrying out established work processes and operations. You will be learning new and exciting AWS processes as we embrace our journey to the cloud. In addition, you will learn additional database platforms which will expand your skills in both database administration, performance tuning and Cloud Computing.
Duties:
Assist in daily administration activities including setup, configuration and monitoring of databases to ensure backups, availability and performance are all maintained to the highest standards.
Tuning, trouble shooting and on-call production support for database environments deployed in multi-AZ AWS environments both on the EC2 and RDS/Aurora platforms.
Monitor and work the JIRA ticket queue for request to make schema changes, security changes, execute scripts against the databases and refresh non-production databases.
Advise application development and support teams on process bottlenecks and provide database tuning to ensure optimal performance.
Assist the support staff to troubleshoot SQL and any other database errors.
Provide 24*7 on-call support (includes holidays) for the Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server and Aurora (MySQL/PostgreSQL) production and non-production databases.
Report weekly to management about abnormalities and critical issues; provide root cause analysis and recommendations; work with infrastructure team, application team and/or other teams for problem resolutions, following the escalation path if needed.
Desired Skills:
Deploying or migrating databases into AWS (ec2 or RDS) or any hands-on experience working with AWS or other public cloud providers a distinct advantage.
Highly proficient in one or more of these RDBMS technologies:
MS SQL Server
AWS RDS/Aurora (mySQL)
PostgreSQL
Oracle
Working knowledge of one or more database high availablilty scenarios such as:
AWS Multi-AZ database deployments
MS SQL Server Always on Availability Groups
Oracle Dataguard
Knowledge of one or more database data replication tools such as:
MS SQL Server transactional replication
Oracle Golden Gate
AWS DMS/DMT
Unix/Linux general administration skills and/or bash/python/powershell scripting a distinct advantage
Knowledge of ANSI SQL Language (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, JOIN, WHERE, etc…).
Strong analytical, communication both written and verbal and quality control skills.
Ability to manage multiple tasks with different deadlines.
Detail oriented, self-motivated and uses sound judgment.
A team player who works well with others.
Desire to learn and improve your skills.
Minimum Qualifications:
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite products.
General desktop with Windows and Linux server experience.
Be available after hours and weekends as necessary for customer maintenance's.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in related area preferred
5+ years’ experience in database administration
3+ years’ experience in Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL or other database scripting language

#LI-Remote

About Guidewire

Guidewire is the platform P&C insurers trust to engage, innovate, and grow efficiently.

Guidewire combines core, data, digital, analytics, and AI to deliver our platform as a cloud service. More than 400 insurers, including the largest and most complex in the world, run on Guidewire.

As a partner to our customers, we continually evolve to enable their success. We are proud of our unparalleled implementation track record with 1000+ successful projects, supported by the largest R&D team and partner ecosystem in the industry. Our Marketplace provides hundreds of add-ons that accelerate integration, localization, and innovation.

Guidewire Software Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. All offers are contingent upon passing a criminal history and other background checks where it's applicable to the position.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Primary IR Contact

Alex Hughes
Guidewire
E-mail: ir@guidewire.com

connections@guidewire.com
