2024-12-29T10:35:00...2024-12-29T10:50:00
http://boards.greenhouse.io/alamarbiosciences/jobs/5384937004


Fremont, California

 

 

 

 

 

At Alamar Biosciences, we’re on a mission to transform the field of proteomics for the early detection of cancer and other diseases. We are creating the world’s most sensitive proteomics platform to unmask the deepest secrets of our proteome. Our fully automated, high throughput platform will empower new biomarker discoveries for early detection and prevention of common diseases. We provide exceptional opportunities for those who have the entrepreneurial spirit, enjoy developing novel technologies and products, and aspire to grow together with the company.  

We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer (C#) to join our multi-disciplinary team, which is tasked to develop a world-class fully automated instrument system for high precision proteomic analysis. The candidate is expected to have a strong understanding of C# and experience in machine control. The individual should enjoy working in a fast-paced, mission-driven environment, and be prepared to tackle a broad selection of challenges as the company grows. 

 
Primary Responsibilities include:  

    Hands-on coding and long-term evolution of C# based control software for instruments. 
    Provide software solutions to improve the performance and reliability of complex mechanical, fluidic, and electromechanical instruments.  
    Trouble shoot issues for system integration and system testing and verifications. 
    Developing new software components; supporting, modifying, and maintaining systems and code developed by others. 
    Collaborate with engineers, scientists, and commercial teams to create instrument control software features. 
    Working with marketing, product owners, and subject matter experts to identify requirements and develop product specifications for new generation products.  
    Create proof-of-concept prototype codes to evaluate feasibility.  

 Requirements include: 

    Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Electrical Engineering or similar 
    Minimum 3-5 years of related experience in software development. 
    Proficient .NET/C# desktop application development experience. 
    Experience in Git, issue tracking software like Jira, and continuous integration tools. 
    Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. 
    Self-motivation with a positive “can do” attitude and attention to details. 
    Demonstrated experience to deliver results on multiple projects in a fast-paced, agile environment. 
    Knowledge of firmware and device control software is preferred.  
    Diagnostic equipment or services in the life sciences industry knowledge/experience preferred.  

Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone
Resume/CV
Dropbox Google Drive
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover Letter
Dropbox Google Drive
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
LinkedIn Profile
Website
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship to work within the United States? *
If yes, please specify?
How did you hear about this job?
Are you located in the Bay Area, CA and able to come onsite M-F? *
What is your salary requirement? *
Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in Alamar Biosciences’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Gender
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Veteran Status
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

    Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
    Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
    Blind or low vision
    Cancer (past or present)
    Cardiovascular or heart disease
    Celiac disease
    Cerebral palsy
    Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
    Diabetes
    Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
    Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
    Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
    Intellectual or developmental disability
    Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
    Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
    Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
    Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
    Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
    Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
    Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
    Short stature (dwarfism)
    Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status
Disability Status

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Powered by 
Read our Privacy Policy

Thank you for applying to Alamar Biosciences
no-reply@alamarbio.com
​
You​

Ken,

Thanks for applying to Alamar Biosciences. Your application has been received and we will review it right away.

If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon.

Regards,
Alamar Biosciences

** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.

2024-12-29T11:09:00...2024-12-29T11:19:00
Compunnel Inc.
Advanced C# Web Application Specialist
Compunnel Inc. • Pleasanton, CA • via BeBee
2 days ago
Full-time
No Degree Mentioned
Health insurance
Paid time off
Apply on BeBee
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    This position involves designing and implementing web applications using C#, .Net Framework, and SQL databases
    Net MVC and JavaScript frameworks

Benefits

    Compunnel Inc. offers a salary range of $110,000 to $130,000 per year, based on experience
    Benefits include health insurance, retirement plan, and paid time off

Responsibilities

    Develop and maintain large-scale web applications using ASP
    Work with senior engineers to design and implement robust architecture
    Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving code quality

Job description
We are looking for a talented software engineer to join our team as a Senior .NET UI AWS Developer. This position involves designing and implementing web applications using C#, .Net Framework, and SQL databases.

Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and maintain large-scale web applications using ASP.Net MVC and JavaScript frameworks.
• Work with senior engineers to design and implement robust architecture.
• Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving code quality.

Compunnel Inc. offers a salary range of $110,000 to $130,000 per year, based on experience. Benefits include health insurance, retirement plan, and paid time off.
Report this listing
Compunnel Inc.
Glassdoor
4.1/5
779 reviews
Comparably
4.7/5
21 reviews
Zippia
4.5/5
2 reviews
compunnel.com
More jobs at Compunnel Inc.
See web results for Compunnel Inc.

2024-12-29T12:37:00...2024-12-29T12:43:00
Applab Systems, Inc
3.09 Google reviews
Software company in South Plainfield, New Jersey
Located in: Hadley Park
Address: 4041 Hadley Rd, South Plainfield, NJ 07080
Hours: Closed ⋅ Opens 9 AM Mon
Phone: (732) 666-0069

