Onora Group
Company	Onora Group
Work address	320 Seven Springs Way Suite 250, Brentwood, Tennessee (TN) 37027, United States of America (USA)
Other e-mail	info@onoragroup.com
Other phone	(615) 247-1100
Website	OnoraGroup.com
Notes	2024-11-16T16:44:00 Onora Group Senior SQL Database Administrator - 100% Remote Onora Group • San Jose, CA • via KHON2 Jobs 6 days ago Full-time No Degree Mentioned Apply on KHON2 Jobs Apply on FOX8 Jobs Apply on Star Job Search Apply on Racing Post Jobs Apply on KDVR Jobs Apply on WTNH Jobs Apply on Jobs Warehouse Apply on KARK Jobs Job highlights Identified by Google from the original job post Qualifications Experienced SQL Server DBA Experience setting up good processes for: Willing to come alongside and guide a team of data operators as they learn how to take over management of this infrastructure Responsibilities Migrating existing SQL Servers from an acquisition into the new environment Standing up log shipping for 70-100 databases for partner EHRs There are going to be a lot of database restores in this work 1 more items(s) More job highlights Job description Our client is a rapidly growing healthcare organization that is seeking a Senior SQL DBA. They recently acquired another organization, and one of their first initiatives is to move the data together. We are seeking someone to handle this project immediately. This project is 100% remote. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Migrating existing SQL Servers from an acquisition into the new environment. • Standing up log shipping for 70-100 databases for partner EHRs. • There are going to be a lot of database restores in this work. REQUIREMENTS: • Experienced SQL Server DBA • Experience with Azure cloud services, using Azure blob storage, is a plus. • Experience setting up good processes for: • Automated log shipping • Alerts • General server maintenance • Willing to come alongside and guide a team of data operators as they learn how to take over management of this infrastructure. ADDITIONAL: This is an immediate role that will start now and run through the end of 2024. This project will be 40 hours a week. • **Sorry no corp-to-corp***
2024-11-16T16:54:00...2024-11-16T16:54:00
Datacor
.NET Software Developer (TrackAbout)
Datacor • San Jose, CA • via Ladders
97,574–140,940 a year
Full-time
No Degree Mentioned
Apply on Ladders
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    We are seeking an exceptional, full-time developer who is truly passionate about technology and the craft of software development
    You'll be joining a top-notch team of developers who are enthusiastic about software engineering and sharing what they know
    We're looking for experience in web and/or mobile application development, .NET/C#, object-oriented patterns and practices and relational databases (SQL)
    16 more items(s)

Responsibilities

    We also conduct Show & Tells of different technologies
    Your responsibilities will include designing and building new features, enhancing existing features, eliminating technical debt and fixing (gasp) bugs
    Microsoft Azure Cloud, C#/.NET 4.8 and 8, Typescript, Azure SQL, Auth0, SignalR, jQuery, Bootstrap, MassTransit, Redis, RhinoMocks, Ninject, NHibernate, iOS and Android for .NET, APNs (Apple Push Notification Service), FCM (Firebase Cloud Messaging), ServiceStack, ReSharper, GitHub with CoPilot

More job highlights
Job description
About Us:

Datacor is the leading provider of software solutions, including ERP, CRM, Asset Tracking, Simulation and Formulation, to the process manufacturing space. We are on a mission to better equip the industry with software solutions and move it forward by building thoughtful, intuitive products that solve our customers' most difficult problems.

We are passionate about serving our customers and helping them use data as a competitive advantage. Our customers make products that extend and sustain lives by sanitizing, fertilizing, beautifying, cleaning, and recycling the world we live in. We at Datacor help our customers make those products you use every day more safely, cost effectively and more efficiently through our technology platforms and applications.

TrackAbout, a Datacor company, is a successful software-as-a-service (SaaS) company headquartered in the US. We provide physical asset tracking and rental services. Our customers use a variety of mobile devices (including Android and iOS) to track everything about their valuable assets. Visit https://corp.trackabout.com for more information.

We have a solid, international customer base, are experiencing high demand for our services and are looking at exciting times ahead.

We contribute to open source projects we use and have open-sourced our own behavior-driven development (BDD) framework, SpecEasy: https://github.com/trackabout/speceasy

We do pair programming and collaboration on an as-needed basis. We don't force it on our developers, but we recognize when and where it's appropriate. Developers share knowledge freely and enthusiastically and bring each other up to speed on unfamiliar aspects of our applications and code base. We run a developer "book club" where we discuss influential books, articles and other media. We also conduct Show & Tells of different technologies. After each release we hold a retrospective and discuss how we can do better.

The Role:

We are seeking an exceptional, full-time developer who is truly passionate about technology and the craft of software development. You'll be joining a top-notch team of developers who are enthusiastic about software engineering and sharing what they know.

We're looking for experience in web and/or mobile application development, .NET/C#, object-oriented patterns and practices and relational databases (SQL).

You'll have the opportunity to work on several aspects of the product such as the application web site, REST APIs, and Android and iOS for .NET. Every developer is expected to be able to pick up any part of the stack. There are no skill silos here.

Your responsibilities will include designing and building new features, enhancing existing features, eliminating technical debt and fixing (gasp) bugs.

Technologies We Use:

Microsoft Azure Cloud, C#/.NET 4.8 and 8, Typescript, Azure SQL, Auth0, SignalR, jQuery, Bootstrap, MassTransit, Redis, RhinoMocks, Ninject, NHibernate, iOS and Android for .NET, APNs (Apple Push Notification Service), FCM (Firebase Cloud Messaging), ServiceStack, ReSharper, GitHub with CoPilot.

Minimum Qualifications:
• Experience building web-based enterprise applications and web services
• Strong object-oriented programming fundamentals
• Understanding of design patterns and patterns of enterprise architecture
• Experience with C# / ASP.NET, HTML/CSS/JS, and SQL (sprocs, UDFs, triggers, indexes, constraints, etc.)
• Experience with distributed version control systems like Git
• Experience with Test-driven development (TDD)

Preferred Qualifications:
• Android/iOS development experience
• Internationalization (I18N) and Localization (L10N) experience
• PowerShell experience

We Look for the Following:
• Ability to work independently with clear goals and direction. We are quality- and results-oriented and we don't micromanage.
• Passion
• Solid interpersonal, organizational and task-management skills
• Insatiable curiosity, a love of learning and a desire to continuously improve
• Friendliness
• Team-orientation
• Fanatical attention to detail
• Tolerance of overuse of bullet list

Please submit applications and resumes in English.

