2024-11-14T16:02:00...2024-11-14T16:32:00
SynergisticIT
SQL Analyst Developer
SynergisticIT • Fremont, CA • via ZipRecruiter
Full-time
Apply on ZipRecruiter
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    Should have excellent communication, computer, and project management skills
    In addition, should be passionate about building a better, more efficient program and crafting a better end-user experience
    Should be knowledgeable, collaborative, and motivated
    Java developer roles will vary greatly depending on companies and job positions
    Bachelors, Masters in Computer Science/ Computer Engineering/ Information Systems/Information Technology/ Electrical Engineering/ Mechanical Engineering
    E-Verified
    Filing of H1b and Green Card

Benefits

    Long Term Positions

Responsibilities

    In this role, we are looking for an analytical, Java Cloud Developer who will work with team members to tackle and improve current back-end applications and processes
    The Java Cloud Developer will use his or her understanding of programming languages and tools to analyze current codes and industry developments, formulate more efficient processes, seek problems, and build a more flawless experience for users
    Collaborating with the other team members to establish objectives and craft more functional, cohesive codes to improve the user experience
    Developing ideas for new programs, products, or features by supervising industry developments and trends
    Participating in continuing education and training to remain current on best practices, learn new programming languages, and better assist other team members
    Taking lead on projects, as needed

Job description
Synergistic IT is a full-service staffing and placement firm servicing client in America for the past 12+ years. We are dedicated towards fulfilling the IT needs of our clients. From staffing to full implementation of projects we provide the highest quality IT Services. We don't just help you secure a Tech Job, but we build your solid career in technology.

Job Description:
In this role, we are looking for an analytical, Java Cloud Developer who will work with team members to tackle and improve current back-end applications and processes. The Java Cloud Developer will use his or her understanding of programming languages and tools to analyze current codes and industry developments, formulate more efficient processes, seek problems, and build a more flawless experience for users. Should have excellent communication, computer, and project management skills. In addition, should be passionate about building a better, more efficient program and crafting a better end-user experience. Should be knowledgeable, collaborative, and motivated.

Java developer roles will vary greatly depending on companies and job positions.

Responsibilities

· Collaborating with the other team members to establish objectives and craft more functional, cohesive codes to improve the user experience.

· Developing ideas for new programs, products, or features by supervising industry developments and trends.

· Participating in continuing education and training to remain current on best practices, learn new programming languages, and better assist other team members.

· Taking lead on projects, as needed

Education Requirement:

Bachelors, Masters in Computer Science/ Computer Engineering/ Information Systems/Information Technology/ Electrical Engineering/ Mechanical Engineering.

Benefit's of working with our clients:

· E-Verified.

· Filing of H1b and Green Card.

· Long Term Positions

· On Job Technical Support.

Interested candidates please send a word or PDF copy of your resume at Email Id: Sid@synergisticit.com or call at (510)347-8194(Sid)
Report this listing
More jobs at SynergisticIT
See web results for SynergisticIT

2024-11-14
humanresources@wexinc.com