2026-04-20T05:56:00
West Advanced Technologies (WATI)
SQL Reports Developer
West Advanced Technologies (WATI) · Sacramento, CA · via ZipRecruiter
2 days ago
Full-time
Apply directly on ZipRecruiter
Apply on Lensa
Apply on Jobilize
Job description
SQL Reports Developer

Sacramento, CA

6+ months

Responsibilities include maintaining data collection and ETL processes, developing databases, building stored procedures, views, triggers to support database interactions, e.g. by applications or services. The Database Developer/Analyst works closely with teammates on the Databases and Business Analysis team as well as the Clients Applications Development Teams. A strong working knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server databases, ETL, SSRS is needed. Also, we are ideally seeking someone who can participate in design discussions and/or development of our API (middle layer) which requires C#.

Required Skills:

Develop complex data extracts, applications, and ad-hoc queries as requested by using SQL or SSIS.

Research, troubleshoot, and resolve data issues impacting extract delivery.

Work within the project team to complete system analysis and application design.

Work closely with Business Analysts to refine requirements, and ensure data quality.

Collaborate on the definition, development, and maintenance of standards and processes.

Must be proficient with T-SQL, and development of stored procedures.

Report writing and dashboard development experience, preferably with SSRS and Power BI.

Drive continuous improvement and automation in BI solutions and processes.

Work effectively with System Administrators, Project Manager(s), Developers and Management.

Participate in a team development environment using the TFS source control system.

Desired Skills:

Degree in Computer Science, business or related discipline.

4 years of experience with T-SQL, including stored procedure development

Knowledge of data integration, e.g. extract, transform, and load (ETL) process development/support.

Able to develop and troubleshoot reports delivered with SSRS; requires good analytical skills.

Experience with data access performance tuning, and database performance optimization.

Application Development Lifecycle knowledge and experience.

Data transport protocols, e.g. SFTP, XML, and JDXDML.

Experience with Case Management data and/or Call Center data.

Documentation of system support information.

Basic understanding of networking principles.

Ability to analyze system resource usage and constraints.

Strong communication skills; ability to interact at all levels including management.

Works independently and follows through on assignments.

Regards

Naresh Damagalla

West Advanced Technologies, Inc

E: naresh.d@wati.com
