2026-08-16T07:14:00
google jobs near me C#
http://www.google.com/search?q=google+jobs+near+me+C%23&client=firefox-b-1-d&hs=KLSq&sca_esv=5fd31379582ccc8b&udm=8&biw=1820&bih=929&sxsrf=APpeQnu_cszehkYSBGPe8go_HSPhVBH0Rw%3A1786885782083&ei=lraBaq_RBPPLkPIPtKqUmQc&ved=0ahUKEwiv9K2inKWWAxXzJUQIHTQVJXMQ4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=google+jobs+near+me+C%23&gs_lp=EhVnd3Mtd2l6LW1vZGVsZXNzLWpvYnMiFmdvb2dsZSBqb2JzIG5lYXIgbWUgQyMyBBAjGCcyCBAAGIAEGKIESOZbUKFEWOFTcAF4AZABAJgBfqAB2AGqAQMxLjG4AQPIAQD4AQGYAgOgAv4BwgIKEAAYRxjWBBiwA8ICDRAAGEcY1gQYyQMYsAPCAg4QABiABBiKBRiSAxiwA8ICBhAAGBYYHsICCxAAGIAEGIoFGIYDwgIFEAAY7wWYAwCIBgGQBgqSBwMyLjGgB_QKsgcDMS4xuAfxAcIHBTItMS4yyAcbgAgB&sclient=gws-wiz-modeless-jobs&jbr=sep:0#sv=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

AMER: Customer Care and Support

Hours of operation (excluding US holidays): Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. EST.

 
Customer Care & Sales Support

Select option 1 when dialling through for customer care and sales support.
(800) 522-7270
(877) 815-2608
ep-cs-kalamazoo@epredia.com
ep-cs-portsmouth@epredia.com
Technical & Service Support

Select option 2 when dialling through for technical and service support.
(800) 522-7270
ep-techsupport.amer@epredia.com
ep-servicecontracts.amer@epredia.com

1101 Richard-Allan Scientific LLC
Software Engineer III - C#, Digital Pathology Image Management System development
1101 Richard-Allan Scientific LLC · United States · via Workday
Full-time
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Apply on Workday
Apply on Teal
Apply on Jobsora
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications

    What skills you will need: 5+ years of professional software development experience

Benefits

    Epredia offers a wide range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, 401k, holiday pay, vacation and more

Responsibilities

    About the Opportunity: As a Software Engineer III specializing in Digital Pathology Image Management System development (C#), you will play a key role in building and enhancing solutions that support diagnostic workflows
    Your responsibilities include working within a regulated environment to integrate AI capabilities into the Image Management System, developing reliable and efficient code, and managing the conversion of various digital slide formats
    You will also focus on improving interoperability with Laboratory Information Systems and cloud platforms to streamline processes
    In addition, you’ll contribute to assigned projects and provide support for ad hoc requests as they arise
    Location: Hybrid - Miami, FL What you will do: Work in a regulated environment, integrating AI into the Image Management System (IMS)
    Develop and maintain robust code for system functionality and performance
    Handle conversion and management of diverse digital slide formats
    Enhance diagnostic workflows and ensure seamless integration with LIS and cloud solutions
    Advancing digital slide management, and enhancing diagnostic workflows
    Collaborate with cross functional teams and other stakeholders to understand requirements, provide efficient solutions to meet their needs, and build robust shared services
    Conduct thorough code reviews to maintain code quality

Job description
Be a part of a global team where what we do matters! At Epredia, we recognize that our talented employees are vital to our success. Our team is dedicated, our work is rewarding – both personally and professionally – because what we do matters.  We seek talented individuals who will contribute to and thrive in our collaborative, diverse, fast-paced environment while demonstrating a commitment to our core values, People, Customer, Results, Continuous Learning, and Innovation.  People – We win as a team.  Customer – We deliver customer-centric solutions.  Continuous Learning – We learn and always aim to be better.  Innovation – We innovate every day.  Results – Results matter for all of us. Job Title: Software Engineer III, Digital Pathology Image Management System Development Who you are: You have energy and drive in abundance, a passion for serving our customers and possess a growth mindset and love of continuous learning, with an appreciation for diverse perspectives and helping others win. About the Opportunity: As a Software Engineer III specializing in Digital Pathology Image Management System development (C#), you will play a key role in building and enhancing solutions that support diagnostic workflows. Your responsibilities include working within a regulated environment to integrate AI capabilities into the Image Management System, developing reliable and efficient code, and managing the conversion of various digital slide formats. You will also focus on improving interoperability with Laboratory Information Systems and cloud platforms to streamline processes. In addition, you’ll contribute to assigned projects and provide support for ad hoc requests as they arise. Location: Hybrid - Miami, FL What you will do: Work in a regulated environment, integrating AI into the Image Management System (IMS). Develop and maintain robust code for system functionality and performance. Handle conversion and management of diverse digital slide formats. Enhance diagnostic workflows and ensure seamless integration with LIS and cloud solutions. Advancing digital slide management, and enhancing diagnostic workflows. Collaborate with cross functional teams and other stakeholders to understand requirements, provide efficient solutions to meet their needs, and build robust shared services. Conduct thorough code reviews to maintain code quality. What skills you will need: 5+ years of professional software development experience. Bachelor's degree in a relevant scientific or engineering discipline (or equivalent experience); advanced degrees are a plus C# .NET framework 4.8 and .NET Core 2.0 and above CSS, JavaScript, WPF and Winforms and MVC ASP.NET, REST API, PostgreSQL and SQLite JIRA, Bitbucket, Git C++ Node.js, React, API integration Experience with digital slide formats: DICOM, TIFF, SVS, MRXS, iSyntax and NDPI Experience with HL7 and SNOMED Experience in regulated industries, especially medical Knowledge of IEC 62304, ISO 14971, FDA Requirements, ISO 13485 The hiring range for this position is: $120,000-$135,000, plus individuals may be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus. Actual compensation within the range will be dependent upon the individual's skills, experience, qualifications and location, and applicable employment laws. Epredia offers a wide range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, 401k, holiday pay, vacation and more. #LI-MK1 #DE-Epredia TO ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES: Epredia does not accept unsolicited third-party resumes. Building an Inclusive Culture: We are a company that brings the best people together and leverages their varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view to invent on behalf of all customers. We are committed to equal employment opportunity for all individuals, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected classes which may exist under applicable federal, state or local law. At Epredia, we improve lives by enabling better cancer diagnostics. We are a team of talented individuals with diverse backgrounds and expertise, working together to develop precision diagnostic solutions for our customers. We are a fast growing global company that drives innovation in diagnostics to create better outcomes for patients. Joining Epredia is much more than a job- it is an opportunity to be part of something with a purpose. Find out how you can improve lives while advancing your career.
Report this listing
More jobs at 1101 Richard-Allan Scientific LLC
See web results for 1101 Richard-Allan Scientific LLC
