Hi Ken,

Trust all is well,
A leading client of ours is looking for a ".Net Programmer "
 
Please see the job description below and let us know if you will be interested in pursuing this opportunity:
Job Title                    .Net Programmer
Location                     Lansing, MI
Type                            Contract
Duration                     1 Year   

In-Person interview required

JOB DESCRIPTION:  
Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals, independently performs a variety of complicated tasks, may lead and direct the work of others, a wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
Plans, develops, tests, and documents computer programs, applying knowledge of programming techniques and computer systems. Evaluates user request for new or modified program, such as for financial or human resource management systems, clinical research trial results, statistical study of traffic patterns, or analyzing and developing specifications for bridge design, to determine feasibility, cost and time required, compatibility with current system, and computer capabilities. Consults with user to identify current operating procedures and clarify program objectives. Formulates plan outlining
steps required to develop program, using methodologies such as structured analysis and design or object-oriented development.
•Work involves assisting in analyzing systems outlines to develop programs for computer applications, writing solution programs, documenting the methods and procedures used in program development, and testing and correcting programs. Works under moderate supervision with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Develops block diagrams and machine logic flowcharts to represent operations and data flow for applications.
•Captures requirements using industry standard development frameworks and tools. Designs reports, forms and letters along with computer terminal screen displays to accomplish goals of user request.
Reviews screens, reports, forms and letters designs with users. Converts project specifications, using industry standard tools, such as object-oriented tools and code generation, into sequence of detailed instructions and logical steps for coding into language processable by computer, applying knowledge of computer programming techniques and computer languages.
•Enters program codes into computer system. Enters commands into computer to run and test program. Reads computer printouts or observes display screen to detect syntax or logic errors during program test, or uses diagnostic software to detect errors. Replaces, deletes, or modifies codes to correct errors. Analyzes, reviews and alters program to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new requirements. Writes documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, and corrections. Writes manual for users to describe installation and operating procedures. Assists users to solve
operating problems. Recreates steps taken by user to locate source of problem and rewrites program to correct errors. May use computer-aided software tools in each stage of system development. May train users to use program. May oversee installation of hardware and software. May provide technical assistance to program users. May install and test program at user site. May monitor performance of program after implementation. May specialize in developing programs for business or technical applications

REQUIRED: -

    Experience in analysis, design, programming, testing, implementing and supporting large scale web based applications in Microsoft/Windows platforms
    Microsoft VB .NET or C# development skills
    Developing Systems with Microsoft SQL databases
    N-tier application development
    .NET framework 3.5 and higher
    Agile Development
    MS SQL Server Experience 

If this is an opportunity that is of interest to you, please provide us a copy of your updated resume along with a contact number and the best time to reach out to you.  I look forward to connecting with you.
 
Thanks,
Divya
Technical Recruiter
Crescens Inc.
1200 Route 22 East Suite 2000-2176
Bridgewater, NJ 08807
Direct: 732 305 2858 Ext - 455 | Fax: 732 305 2861
 


If you are interested in this position, please click here.

Spoke to Suresh.

If you would like to unsubscribe from Crescens Inc., please click here.

Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

tdivya@crescensinc.com

msuresh@crescensinc.com
