I have a new position available, and I want to know if you're currently open to new opportunities. Please take a look at the job details included below, and, if you're interested, respond with your resume and contact information. I'll review your profile and get back to you if it looks like you'd be a good fit for our client. Thanks for your time.

Please include:
- Patriot Job # in the Subject line
- Resume in MS Word format
- Phone #:
- Email:
- Location:
- Hourly Rate:
- Work Authorization:
- Employer/Sponsor Contact:


22969
Oracle Golden Gate Solutions Architect
Northern Virginia / DC Area
6-12 Months
$100/hr. All-inclusive Corp to Corp
8/28/2017

Senior Oracle Data Solutions Architect with expertise designing, developing, and testing Oracle Golden Gate (GG) solutions. Ability to design, configure, test, and debug Golden Gate extract on the customer's application database. Must have very strong Golden Gate experience including a working knowledge of custom adapters, including both flat file adapter and Java user exit adapter.
 
 
Justin Gearhart
 
Service Delivery Manager
 
Patriot Consulting, Inc.justin.gearhart@patriotconsulting.com

File #5F697D1E09242B7C5118
 
You are receiving this email because you are a member of our private contact database. If you do not wish to receive similar email messages in the future and to see our contact information please click on the link below. We respect your privacy. This email fully complies with the CAN-SPAM Act.
http://www.bosmaxhire.net/services/optout.aspx?id=5C6E7919072A257C53752954571B6D06287740556B2F223A5B52402A6A06

    About
    Global Reach
    Approach
    Our Focus
    Current Projects
    Request a Consultation

Rapid, on-demand IT consulting
for the enterprise.
We help you navigate the challenges of changing information technology.
THE PATRIOT DIFFERENCE
Experience

Since 2004, Patriot has helped some of the world's greatest companies customize, implement, and support their Enterprise environments. Our consultants have experience in every major industry.
SPECIALIZATION

Patriot specializes in hard to fill skill sets within the Oracle, SAP, Peoplesoft, Workday, MicroSoft and .NET technologies. We provide comprehensive solutions for database, middleware, custom applications, BI, and Portal.
Custom Solutions

Patriot delivers truly innovative custom solutions for the Enterprise. Whether it's on-site, onshore remote, offshore, or with managed team leads, we recommend the right solution for your environment. And you help build your custom team of experts.
Relationshops Icon
Relationships

Your dedicated account manager will take time to understand your organization, projects, company culture and unique requirements. That same person will then guide you through the entire process, personally screening and selecting candidates and deploying the team you choose.
Global Network

The size and span of our network is unmatched in the industry. That means we search the globe to find the perfect people to lead your most critical projects.
Capability

In addition to traditional onshore consulting, Patriot can provide dedicated offshore development centers, distributed teams, and secret and top secret government clearance.
A Fresh Approach to Offshore Development
Our turnkey system is designed to minimize startup costs and provide the agility needed to thrive in today’s environment. Plus, it’s easily scalable from one consultant to one team (or more) so you have the support you need as your business grows.
Our Clients
Patriot Agile Staffing Government Clients: Federal Reserve
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Panera Bread
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: General Electric
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: HBO 2
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Valassis
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Luxottica
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Ciena
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Stanley Black and Decker
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Boars Head
Patriot Agile Staffing for Retail Clients: Bed Bath and Beyond
Patriot Agile Staffing Retail Clients: Sherwin Williams
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Charter Steel
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Carfax
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Zebra
Patriot Agile Staffing for Insurance Industry Clients: NJM
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Lear
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Harris Caprock
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients for Retail Industry: Yankee Candle
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Asurion
Patriot Agile Staffing Clients: Xerox
OUR APPROACH
Challenge us to find the most difficult role you need filled

We’re confident in our ability to source and deploy the perfect candidate for any project, because our network of senior-level talent is huge and our approach to recruiting is more efficient and agile than any other recruiting firm you’ll find out there.

Our phenomenal delivery relies on dedicated account managers, an unrivaled proprietary network of talent and a real understanding of organizations’ changing needs.
Step 1: Understand Your Needs

Your dedicated account manager will take time to understand your organization, projects, company culture and unique requirements. That same person will then guide you through the entire process, personally screening and selecting candidates and deploying the team you choose.
Step 2: Search Our Proprietary Database
Step 3: Build Your Custom Team
Step 4: Deploy Your Team
Management Team

Jerry Zariello, CFO Patriot
Jerry Zariello
 Managing Partner
As a founding partner and CFO, Jerry is responsible for Patriots Financial, Marketing, and Business Development activities. Patriot Consulting LLC, headquartered in Iselin, NJ is one of the Nation's leading providers of Enterprise IT consulting services.
Jon McIntyre, COO Patriot
Jon McIntyre
 Managing Partner
As a founding partner and COO, Jon brings over 25 years of Sales and Operations experience in the consulting and recruiting industry to Patriot, having specialized in selling IT staff augmentation services into Enterprise IT environments. He has designed and developed Patriot’s proprietary, innovative, system-driven recruiting solution for a significant number of nationally recognized commercial and government clientele.

Steve Ott
 Senior Vice President – Sales and Service Delivery
Steve joined Patriot Consulting in late 2016. As an accomplished industry veteran, Steve has built, scaled and transformed sales and marketing organizations across an array of technology fields bringing more than 30 years of experience in successfully driving sales growth in IT consulting, digital marketing, mobile, telecommunications, software and technology on a global level. Prior to Patriot Consulting, Steve lead successful sales growth efforts at Digital Firefly Marketing, CMWare, ITXC, Voxware and Legent Corporation.
Patrick Casinelli
 CONTROLLER
As Controller, Patrick is responsible for Patriots Finance, Accounting, and HR departments. Patrick brings to Patriot over 20 years’ experience in the consulting and technology industries. He is educated in Finance and Accounting from Rutgers Business School, with an MBA from Stevens Institute of Technology.
Quick Links

    ABOUT
    Careers
    Current Openings
    Contact

Patriot Offices:

IT Consulting:
1200 Howard Blvd., Suite 210
Mount Laurel, NJ 08054
800-644-0401
info@patriotconsulting.com

Mid-Atlantic

Kathy Huff

(703) 919-3809

New England

Bill O’Donnell

(860) 460-0389

Midwest

Jason Rieger

(630) 202-5873

Management Consulting:
Atlanta, GA | Richmond, VA
404-307-2776
info@thoughtlogic.com

Offshore Services:
Nagpur, India
Connect with us:

Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

I placed patriotconsulting.com, on the blocked senders list.

Bil Dureky.

info@patriotconsulting.com
