nkarayannis@vereduscorp.com 

From: Niko Karayannis <engage_ve@vereduscorp.com>
Sent: Friday, August 11, 2017 5:42 PM
To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
Subject: Web Dev Full Timers Needed
 
	
  	
 
 
fb 		tw 		in
 
	
 
  	
READY TO CHANGE?
SENIOR AND LEAD DEVS -
	 
 
  	
 
 
Hi Ken,

Thanks for reading - Ill cut to the chase and let you know that we hire for a highly dynamic and integrated marketing industry disruptor. 

They're shaking things up, and hiring a Senior and Lead Web Developer. Info below, reply for more info, or interest. 

Sr/Lead Web Developer:  San Jose, CA

    HTML/CSS/JS
    Angular, Jquery
    OO experience
    RDMS experience, or MySQL
    REST or SOAP





Kind regards,

Niko Karayannis
Perm IT Recruiter
Recruiting experts in IT

T: 813-463-0192
E: nkarayannis@vereduscorp.com
 
www.hays.com
 
	 
	
 
To unsubscribe from these notifications please click here.
This message (including any attachments) is confidential and may be legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not disclose, copy or use any part of it. If you have received this email in error, please delete the email and any attachments immediately and notify the Hays plc group of companies (“Hays”) helpdesk at hsrsupport@Hays.com. Any information, statements or opinions contained in this message (including any attachments) are given by the author. They are not given on behalf of Hays unless subsequently confirmed by an individual other than the author who is duly authorized to represent Hays. While all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is your responsibility as recipient to ensure that the opening or other use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect your systems. Hays accepts no responsibility for damage caused by viruses and you should, therefore, carry out such virus and other checks as you consider appropriate. " Hays plc is registered in England and Wales with company number 2150950. Hays plc’s registered office is at 250 Euston Road, London NW1 2AF.
© Hays plc 2017. HAYS, the Corporate and Sector H devices, Recruiting experts worldwide, the HAYS Recruiting experts worldwide logo and Powering the world of work are trade marks of Hays plc. The Corporate and Sector H devices are original designs protected by registration in many countries. All rights are reserved.

 


Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast Ltd, an innovator in Software as a Service (SaaS) for business. Providing a safer and more useful place for your human generated data. Specializing in; Security, archiving and compliance. To find out more Click Here.


Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

I placed vereduscorp.com, on the blocked senders list.
