Aman Kumar Singh Aman.Singh@pyramidci.com

From: Aman Kumar Singh <Aman.Singh@pyramidci.com>
Sent: Tuesday, August 15, 2017 3:24 PM
To: KenAdeniji@hotmail.com
Subject: Urgent Requirement for web developer in Torrance,CA 12 Months
 
Greetings Ken,

I represent Pyramid Consulting Inc., a leading IT staffing organization. I am part of a team responsible for servicing a major client of ours that is a world leader in IT services.

Title: Web developer
Location: Torrance,CA
Duration:12 months
            
Job Description:

The majority of the software applications are in-house developed and leverage a variety of technologies, including but not
limited to: Web Application Development (HTML, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Perl, ProC, Visual Basic), Oracle DB, PL/SQL,
SQL Server, MS Access, Tomcat and Apache web servers.

Work assignments are "self directed" and require that the candidate interface directly with Aerospace Systems business
partners along with other stakeholders.

Position responsibilities will include but are not limited to:

• Directly support resolution of all software related problems within the ME production line for the individual's area of
responsibility
• Gather requirements for engineering and manufacturing software support needs from business partners
• Support strategic planning of software tool usage through process development, automation and technology
• Participate in routine maintenance of applications (apply and test patches, update service account passwords, address
server and application vulnerabilities, support power outages, facilities moves and other off-shift maintenance activities,
etc.)
• Support various enterprise initiatives and technology and data center uplifts.
ITS3500
ESCSO


Basic Qualifications:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:

• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or Engineering with a minor in CS with at least 5 years of relevant experience. 3
years of experience will be considered with a Master's degree.

• Demonstrated experience as a software developer supporting information systems within the Aerospace and Defense
industry, with an emphasis on engineering and manufacturing/shop floor software applications****

• Demonstrated experience in the effective utilization of Oracle and web development technologies to include some or all
of the following: Web Application Development (HTML, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Perl, ProC, Visual Basic), Oracle DB, PL/
SQL, SQL Server, MS Access, Tomcat and Apache web servers.

• Demonstrated knowledge of relational concepts to include a solid background in database and structured query design
as applied to Oracle and/or SQL Server databases

* Experience with the Red Hat Linux (or some variant of the Unix OS such as Solaris, AIX or Client-UX) and Windows (both
desktop and Server) Operating Systems
* Skilled in the use of the MS Office suite (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

• Good oral and written communication skills

• Ability to provide on-call support as necessary (business area operates 24x7)

• Proven ability to work effectively whether independently or in cross-functional teams comprised of members representing
multiple IT disciplines (can include application developers, database analysts, network engineers, server administrators,
as well as customer representatives and Information Security personnel)

Preferred Qualifications:
Some prior exposure to / experience with any of the below items will enhance the candidate's ability to perform effectively
in his/her job function:

• Basic knowledge of Engineering Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) or manufacturing and shop floor processes and
business requirements
• Prior experience with or exposure to an Aerospace and Defense manufacturing environment within a Fortune 500
company
• Customer service background
* Basic familiarity with Agile software development concepts
• Practical experience with a configuration management tool such as Subversion or Team Foundation Server
* Ability to work effectively in a collaborative environment using Microsoft SharePoint (preferred) or Livelink

If you are qualified, available, interested and planning to make a change, or know of a friend who might have the required qualifications and interest, you can contact me on desk: (770) 255-3569 Ext.909 or cell: even if we have spoken recently about a different position. If you do respond via e-mail please include the Best time to call and phone number so I can reach you.

Thank you,

Aman Kumar Singh
Recruiter
Pyramid Consulting, Inc.
11100 Atlantis Place Alpharetta, GA
email: Aman.Singh@pyramidci.com
Desk: (770) 255-3569 Ext.909 or Cell:
web: www.pyramidci.com
USA | Canada | UK | India | Singapore


NOTE: Please allow me to reiterate that I chose to contact you either because your resume had been posted to one of the internet job sites to which we subscribe, or you had previously submitted your resume to us. I assumed that you are either looking for a new employment opportunity, or you are interested in investigating the current job market.
If you are not currently seeking employment, or if you would prefer I contact you at some later date, please indicate your date of availability so that I may honor your request. In any event, I respectfully recommend you continue to avail yourself to the employment options and job market information we provide with our e-mail notices.

Please accept my sincere apologies if the location or the skill set does not match with your location or your skill set. The mail has reached you by mistake. If you wish to be removed from this mailing list, please reply "REMOVE ME FROM THE LIST " in the subject line or click on the “generate opt-out link below.” Any inconvenience caused is highly regretted.

Thanks Again!

If you are interested in this position, please click here.

You have received this message because either you have contacted our Company to express interest in employment, or you have posted your resume in an area accessible to recruiters or HR professionals, which implies an interest in being contacted regarding employment opportunities.

If you would prefer to no longer receive any emails whatsoever from our Company, you may opt out at anytime by clicking here.

Lookup Candidate

Aman Kumar Singh Aman.Singh@pyramidci.com "So I should take you out, from the list?"

Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

I placed pyramidci.com, on the blocked senders list.
