Aditya.Prakash@artechinfo.com

From: Aditya Prakash <Aditya.Prakash@artechinfo.com>
Sent: Thursday, August 17, 2017 4:44 PM
To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
Subject: Job opportunity for the position of Software Engineer 3 : Bridgeton, MO with leading aerospace client
 
Hello Ken,
My name is Aditya and I'm a recruiter at Artech, the #1 largest women-owned IT staffing firm in the US. We are constantly on the lookout for professionals to fulfil the staffing needs of our clients, and we currently have a job opening that may interest you.  Please find below, summary of the position.
If you are currently not in the job seeking market, feel free to refer this position to someone you may know to be a fit. However, should this position be of interest to you, please send me your resume or contact me directly at (973) 295-4552 .

Job Title          : Software Engineer 3
Location          : Bridgeton, MO
Duration        : 6 Months Contract (Strong chances of extending)    
 
Detailed Job Description:
Responsibilities

    Develops, documents and maintains architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems. Develops and maintains code and integrates software components into a fully functional software system. Develops software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met. Performs software project management and software supplier management functions. Develops, selects, tailors and deploys software processes, tools and metrics. Executes and documents software research and development projects. Serves as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and regulations. Tracks and evaluates software team and supplier performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards. Works under general direction. Focuses on integration of software components for production releases. Automates processes to support team Lean+ goals. 

 
 
Areas of Expertise 	Python 	Yes 	Intermediate 	  	 
Software Skills 	Visual Basic 	Yes 	Intermediate 	  	 
Software Skills 	Visual Studios 	Yes 	Intermediate 	  	 
Software Skills 	.Net Framework 	No 	Intermediate 	  	 
Software Skills 	InstallShield 	No 	Intermediate 	  	 
Technical Skills 	C# programming 	Yes 	Intermediate 	  	 
Technical Skills 	Integration 	Yes 	Intermediate 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
 
Education:

    Bachelor's degree and typically 5 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a Master's degree with typically 3 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a PhD degree with experience in an engineering classification. 

 
Looking forward to hearing from you soon!


Best Regards,
Aditya Prakash
(973) 295-4552
Aditya.Prakash@artechinfo.com

 
 
Connect with us on - LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter
 
About Artech Information Systems LLC
Artech is an employer-of-choice for the last 25 years to over 7,500 consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 70 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S., India, and China. We are #1 Largest Women-Owned IT Staffing Firm in the US and this may be your opportunity to join us!

Want to read more about Artech?
Click here to visit our website or click on the following links to read what others are saying about us: The Wall Street Journal, Forbes (1) (2), BusinessWire, Entrepreneur, Better Business Bureau, Hoovers, NJBIZ(1) (2)  PRWeb The Artech Circle, NJTVOnline, Staffing Industry Analysts, The Business Forum Show, WBENC

Connect with Artech through Social Media
Learn more about our company including the latest events at Artech, new job opportunities, jobseeker tips, and more. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, and YouTube

If you would like to unsubscribe from Artech Information Systems LLC, please click here.

Lookup Candidate

Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

I placed artechinfo.com, on the blocked senders list.
