From: Arshdeep kaur <Arshdeep@ustechsolutionsinc.com>
Sent: Thursday, August 17, 2017 8:41 PM
To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
Subject: Direct Client Requirement: Software Engineer - Virtual Reality Production Tools : Santa Clara, CA
 
Hello,
My name is Arshdeep and I represent US Tech Solutions. US Tech Solutions is a global staff augmentation firm providing a wide-range of talent on-demand and total workforce solutions. To know more about US Tech Solutions, please visit our website www.ustechsolutions.com.
US Tech Solutions
www.ustechsolutions.com
USTECH is a global firm providing a wide-range of talent on-demand and total workforce solutions. Through the USTECH Talent Network of 100% company-owned ...


We are constantly on the lookout for professionals to fulfill the staffing needs of our clients, and we currently have a job opening that may interest you. Below is a summary of the position. 
If you are interested in the opportunity listed below, please forward your updated resume along with current contact information, or perhaps you can recommend someone who would be interested in this position.

Job Title: Software Engineer - Virtual Reality Production Tools
Location: SantaClara, CA
Duration: Approx. 6+ months Contract

Job Details:
An ideal candidate for this role needs to understand sports and virtual reality and should be able to use gaming and VR programming techniques to develop tools for VR production. The software engineer will be building back end VR assets and will also be working directly with Technical Operations Engineering team to address their questions.
Responsibilities include:
? Lead development of VR video editor tools.
? Identify, communicate, and solve challenging technical problems in a team-oriented
environment.
? Create solutions that will consider unique live-VR constraints, such as stereoscopy, realtime performance, video stitching, and immersive user experience.
Minimum Qualifications:
? BS in Computer Science or related field
? 3+ years of experience as a front-end software developer of WPF applications with
exposure to C# and C++ programming languages
? Understanding of the MVVM pattern and its use with XAML development
? Experience in DirectX rendering, multi-camera systems, advanced UI design for
image/video editing, and visual algorithms
? Understanding or experience with Virtual Reality concepts
Preferred Qualifications:
? 3+ years of experience as a front-end software developer of WPF applications with exposure to C# and C++ programming languages.
? Understanding of methods for designing easy-to-use interfaces in a variety of formats– desktop, web, and preferably virtual reality.
? Experience with sports technologies, software technologies and media content.
? Understanding or experience with Virtual Reality concepts

Thank you for your time.

Arshdeep kaur
USTECH Solutions, Inc.
399 Thornall Avenue, 5th Floor, Edison,
New Jersey- 08837
Email: Arshdeep@ustechsolutionsinc.com
Phone: (469) 217-3556 Ext.7716
www.ustechsolutions.com
US Tech Solutions
www.ustechsolutions.com
USTECH is a global firm providing a wide-range of talent on-demand and total workforce solutions. Through the USTECH Talent Network of 100% company-owned ...


Note: You are receiving this email either because at some point in the past you contacted our firm directly or posted your resume on the one of the Internet job boards. 
If you are not currently seeking employment, or if you would prefer I contact you at some later date, please indicate your date of availability so that I may honor your request. In any event, I respectfully recommend you continue to avail yourself to the employment options and job market information we provide with our e-mail notices.

Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information.  Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited.  If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail, delete and then destroy all copies of the original message. 


If you would like to unsubscribe from US Tech Solutions, Inc., please click here.

Lookup Candidate

Please make sure, I don't receive, further unsolicited messages.

I placed ustechsolutionsinc.com, on the blocked senders list.



