Rajeev Raj <rajeevraj@enterprisesolutioninc.com>

From: Rajeev Raj <rajeevraj@enterprisesolutioninc.com>
Sent: Thursday, August 17, 2017 4:12 PM
To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
Subject: Fulltime position::Technology Lead, .Net in Atlanta, GA // Multiple Location
 
 I, Rajeev Raj (Enterprise Solution Inc.) would like to share a job opportunity.
* In case, if you are not comfortable with this location, please share your preference with contact details for further requirements *
kindly find the JD below and let me know if you are available for the same.

Duration         : - Full time Permanent on site (NO Visa sponsorship)
Job position    : - Technology Lead, .Net 
Job Location  : -   Atlanta, GA
Salary + benefits + Relocation Expense
 
 
Please reply me with your updated resume and required details:
Full Name:
Best number to reach you:
Work authorization/Visa Status:
Current Location:
Current Compensation:
Expected Compensation:
Best time to call you:
Are you open to relocate:-
 
 
Job description:-
 
Qualifications Basic
 

    Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
    At least 4 years of experience with Information Technologies. 

 
Preferred
 

    At least 4 years of experience in design, development, testing, deployment of applications using MS SQL 2008+, .NET, ASP, MVC, WCF, JQuery, AJAX, XML, NET WebForms, Entity Framework, Enterprise manager, Javascript 

 

    Tools - Harvest, VS2010+, TFS
    At least 2 years of Experience in latest .NET frameworks (including 3.5, 4.0)
    In depth technical knowledge of debugging & troubleshooting of ASP.NET application and IIS
    Experience in performance tuning and optimization of .Net applications
    Write server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications and develop prototypes quickly.
    At least 4 years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle.
    At least 4+ years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects.
    At least 4 years of experience in Design and architecture review.
    Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment
    Responsibilities -Onshore offshore coordination, Status reporting, Estimation and planning, High level design, Code review, coding and performance tuning, Unit testing,Research and analysis, Implementation & Testing/warranty support, Quality & process improvement
    Ability to communicate clearly with business stakeholders and project manager
    Experience to Financial Services, Investment domain
    Problem Solving and Analytical skills.
    Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment 

 
Waiting for your earliest response
If you are qualified, available, interested, planning to make a change, or know of a friend who might have the required qualifications and interest, please call me ASAP at 1-408-715-2905, even if we have spoken recently about a different position. If you do respond via e-mail please include a daytime phone number so I can reach you. In considering candidates, time is of the essence, so please respond ASAP. Thank you

Thanks & Regards
Rajeev Raj
Enterprise Solutions Inc.
Cell : 408-715-2905
Email: rajeevraj@enterprisesolutioninc.com
URL : http://www.enterprisesolutioninc.com
LinkedIn : linkedin.com/in/rajeev-raj-95b940ba Profile URL
Naperville IL.

 

If you would like to unsubscribe from Enterprise Solutions Inc., please click here.
