To take me, by your side; is to see a man, at your side.
Promise me, you will never leave; because, I certainly won't be beside you.
Life was meant to be disame, never apart.
All my dreams, is spectacle at the moment.
After you, there is no chance, of meeting someone else.

Up to where, I found; this is where, I belong.
Life will never change; if I am never changing.
Up to one moment; never satisfying the illusion.
Hope we ever stay the same; because there is no apart.
Once I find you; my life, will never be apart.

A hope we met, is never the same, we met.
You didn't look for anything beside me; and I didn't look for anything beside you.
Once we met, never the same, again.
A happening, our life, realize.
In this life, we met; life is a gain, after.

You could spend your life, thinking about me; but I will never live, without you.
Half don't make a part; it is one entangled end.
Could we live, fully at view?
Could we see life, as a distance, we must achieve.
Nothing meant separate.

A life is done, when life is not at the beginning.
No necessary believing I am join, when I am after.
I know there is life worth living; now, I am separately along.
Each a part of me, will never seek apart.
To a single end, we joined at the beginning.

Never me, or you; it is two of us.
No way, we will last, if we are apart.
The two, separately making a journey.
I know, life is meant for us; now, we are meant for life.
Taking me, is you and I; taking you, is the two of us.

Once upon a time, we sought where we met; now, we see ourself, forever, in the future.
Never traces is path; as it threads his path.
To will life; is to see as much as possible; life is dependent on you.
Our memory we will never share apart; as our life, are tied along.
Could you make me, a beautiful zone; as I am never seeking apart.

Life will resurrect, as you and I, translate the future.
So long, never share a life; when I am not meant at the beginning.
With you, I am not passing along.
Someone else, might matter; but we are not someone else apart.
If I may join, there is no joint, that will last apart.

Seeing you, without me; is seeing you, without recognition.
Could we make it last, forever; could we make it last, a join?
The time spent, are life, living.
The time close to zero, is seeing you, without me.
No recognition of the past; this is, our future.

If life should join, where am I, separated?
If it should be, for you and I, together?
No where is life, worth living; if it is nowhere, second to you.
Let me see, if I may be gone, without you?
Carry me, I am for long.

Believing you are beyond; is believing, we are separated.
Never talking, I hope to seem the rest.
You have given your all, now, I am giving the sharing.
May be life, we join; never, seeming apart.
I won't change glances, my life are settled at the rest.

I am gone; no where, am I second, apart.
Making up, waking up.
I don't know, where you fit; but my life, translate as plural.
One time, you sought more time.
But He has given you eternity; to use as your passage.

Oh LORD, where am I given; where is the gift, apart?
Will you be mine, making me, the rest of you?
All I want, is where I am missing.
All I see, is where I am clouded.
Share the rain, let me see, the rainbow cloud me.

Open at the rest.
Could I bring tomorrow; when I come?
To know, no being apart.