After love is done.
All I require, is it never, goes away.
A bit of a life spent; is never life, fully spent.
Never, have I know man, friendlier than God.
In one solitary hand, my love is kept.

We are moved apart; yet we never sat together, as apart.
Every tomorrow, says today, is ever presently, at last.
Here I am, tasting the perfection of love.
Who will keep me, if time changes on me?
No matter where I go, time beside you, is all I seem.

Half a share, of what I have; is all a share, of what I would be.
Oh LORD, making one beside me; is making me, fully of You.
If I should go apart, where will I seek?
No wonder life stay the same; when you are all, the same.
Knowing apart, is separated from you; together, is all with you.

Almost tomorrow, yet today, is fully developing.
All assisted time, is found in me.
Never will I keep tomorrow; separate from you.
Do I seem a stranger; seeking my separated self?
Do I seem, you; in a perfect view.

You gave your life to me; I gave my time, to you.
A little bit of time wasted, seeking the last.
I know love, never seem to go my way; if love, is seeking for you.
Seeking a life, fully void, of where I am.
This I make home, this you make yesterday.

Keeping me dearly, forever; is keeping me dearly, for you.
No matter, the time; this is where, I say yes to.
What I made of you; is where, I made of you.
A completed life, never says, the beginning, of a completed time.
I will arise and go; but you will never, seem to pass me away.

I open the score, but it is never, settle at new.
Advantage of where I am; is never seeing you apart.
A bit of life, create the surety of my life.
If life is thank you; here I am accepting, well done.
A life, that sped away; will never seem, as slip away.

In looking at life; this is the beginning of love.
In looking at later; this is life without love.
In looking at before; this is the absence of love.
In looking at all, life is an intermixing of my part.
In looking at none; there I sat without you.

Living beyond my time; is seeing love, at my time.
If life should say, this is where I say, life should remember me.
No where is together, determined at the last.
Nothing sorround you, as the love, that should be in you.
If you complete my time, that is in wait of you.

All are made, for a after time.
I have lived the life, and I see the life, before me; no part of yesterday, is of tomorrow.
We cannot be kept together; if we cannot see together.
Now all I see, is where, I am missing; all you see, is where you can fulfill.
No where, is the ties, lies ahead.

If life, should choose, a suitor; where will I be?
If life, should choose, a wife; you are all for love.
If life, should coose, children; who will upbring?
If life, should choose two; making you one, is all I feel for.
Since life has chosen, never am I far in need.
