To see all; it sound like all.
An escape into none.
So far the distance, set away from me; is the distance, that I have pass through.
What is pretending? All I saw above, is all I need below.
Wrapped in a all; this is my all.

What ever love takes, this is my love, I felt for you.
A part, I take; is the part, that will last forever.
No one before; no one need, ever.
I may look else where; no where else, will look for me.
About time, time is never separated, in between.

Less I am a man, no where love, will ever sound equal.
All I kept being, is all, I will least being.
No where, will love sound apart.
No where, will I see same, as you.
All I want to be; is all, I have being for you.

I saw tomorrow, and it is mainly you.
I can't bring sometime more; that will mean losing yesteday, without you.
All wake-up to see time.
All through time; this is my time, made up in you.
A separated time, in a separated journey; is a match, not seem in me.

Could we try it, forever?
Could I see my special end, seeming through?
One making you; two making further.
The one will be forever.
Making last, forever.

All I search for time, is all, I made for time.
Let me know, if you can feel time, without me?
All I saw through life; is all, I will assist through life.
And, it is one life.
All departed, forever.

A keep of me; is a retainer of you.
Once love, share the same; nothing separately, last forever.
I can see moment through; that will see life.
In yesterday journey, we sat along; in today journey, we move along.
One can't keep life, forever.

No life, without shared alone.
Bringing me, apart; is searching you, forever.
All we went through; is no one, will separate us.
A few apart; is no one secluded, forever.
Hope my journey, passses you.

As a view of remember; there is no moment, I will ever be alone.
The secludeness of time, is never after you and me.
So much, it seem life, can be through.
Remembering nothing, but the separated time.
Oh life, this is where, I belong.

When I hold you, it seem, I will never pass forever.
When I am away from you; it seem life, will never be apart.
Oh life, be the same; seek me forever, more.
A period of time, is never separated from the beginning.
Lets hope forever more, is you and I, a few more.

In search, of a clue of me, tomorrow.
In search, of where I will make-up, for the last time.
One single life, will make a two.
Only time remember, I will never pass time, fulfilled entirely.
One for today, is never apart, from tomorrow.

A view of my beginning, is a view of my suppression.
A life apart, is singlely never known.
The kind, that see life forever; is the kind, that make life, forever.
Little made me see the beginning; little made me see, the forever, of my time.
I can bring you life; this is my life, apart from you.

No wonder, time seem the beginning; every where I follow.
The appearance yesterday, seem tomorrow, is ever after.
Make me, somebody, valued to you.
Make me, one seeing you.
Lets be one, for the gloru of the shine.

A life in need of living, is a life, in need of doing?
A home full of me; is not a home without you.
All you bring to my life; I will show you after.
All I bring for you, you will let me know.
But forever, assist my time; as I am dependent on you.

All I say, one of you; will need, many of you.
Completely living, through a brief moment of my time.
I have been through a lot; but a lot, will never tally the beginning.
I seem to be a member yet, of my beginning.
All I know, will be fulfillment of my time.

A type of me, search for tomorrow; in the presence of today.
A type of me, will never see tomorrow, today.
All I am for; is two of me, making more.
All you are for; is life, went together.
Happy am I; when life stuck us, as a joint.

The brief, of joining a lifetime, secluded from failure.
Could you gain one, for you and I?
Could you make one, a servitude of two?
Those are me appearing, where life will never be separated.
A unit for two; is a comprehension of our fact.

A one, went East; two follow him apart.
If this is what you want, here I am for you.
A life, where two met; is never apart, from where two said.
A piece of me, will demand you, for a lifetime.
A piece of you, will never be away from me.

Creating for the join.
One seem me; two seem you and I.
Apart from favor; this is my keeping from you.
When life went for two; life was never joined in two.
A brief of my life; is the lasting exchamge.

All I found, in a lifetime; is life mattered in a lifetime.
Never seeking from what may be last?
There is only one life worth living.
No you are not separated, from seeing a life, you may share in.
The love that join you, will never be separated from you.

You said, love, never begins forever.
Neither you and I, will love; as we are seeing.
It is just experience, of a life time.
Making the shared, the sum.
Fully living, what we haven't found yet.

Be my future, be my characterization of the day.
Be that moment, that I will share forever.
Knowing never alike, here my spirit end.
If you look forever, here is forever, finding you.
One single journey, may confirm the appointment of my time.

If I look, here is look, not worth finding.
If I say, here is the summation of time.
If I seem, the tender moments are forever.
If all I find is you, here is all, I am living for.
The day are gone; without a separate new.

Gone are the neighbor, finding new.
Here I walk, never to be the last.
Here I seem, never to be forgotten.
I have travel like you, all along, one to find a journey.
All through time, this is never forever.

Letter to a decease.
If time open, where is my openess?
If we meet, where is the two?
If shadow is what I become; then shadow will never be part of me.
Could you briefly, make time, my rememberance?

All I went for, is all, I am made of.
That life, never searches forever.
That if you are two, making all, will never be impossible.
If will be the beginning; here is my obtainance.
Mainly it is above; here is where, I spread in.

I know life, will be, what I am finding.
A two of a necessary.
What life has begun; it matter to conclusiveness.
Living a life; realization of your view.
One certainly find what he is made of; when one see what he is made of.

Together on a separate journey.
Whare love last.
Where no beginning, is no after.
All I am feeling, is all, has filled me through.
A God that made you, find you, when you are beginning to last in him.

Some say, find love.
Some seek life?
Some fill life?
A time a moment, a life time for two.
No where, will I begin, finding what is me, is gone forever.

Hope life, is further of the two.
Hope life, create two and I.
One who is gone from life, never shake.
So I am right, who is wrong; now, made to wonder, where my life draw apart?
Life is what I made of it; life is entirely for you and I.

A time, I see no more; is when, I can't find you no more.
A time, I say no more; is when, I can't call my love name.
A time, I breathe no more; is when, life journey separate us apart.
A time, I live no more, is when my love, for you will finally die.
A time, I am no more; is when yesterday, has forgotten you and I.

Could I begin to say, to one, finding the beginning?
Choosing life, is a fuller of the above.
Helping life, is memory of yesterday making tomorrow.
For a beginning of time, where I count, where I am made of.
If time matter, here is where time die.

What I bring to you, is what I will never take, from you.
Where I call home, is where I congratulate where is necessary.
Now life, is sheltering the two.
The value of seeing time, is meeting time.
History live, the memory will never shed us apart.

As far, as count can say; count is never missing from you and I.
I may go on another journey, but this is where, I started on a firmer journey.
The God that appeared to me, is a God that we all see.
The LORD that made me, is a God that I can carry about.
Nothing is insufficient tomorrow.

All I went through life for; is all, I see life in.
Meant for life; that is the creative of my journey.
Never the disappearance of time.
Knowing you well, will see you well.
Right about now, the journey is all concluded; not apart from the rest, not separated from the rest.

Life went for his own, life is fully in need, all is made for is all is meant for.
I have kept for yesterday, tomorrow will seek for yesterday.
All I want, is all you have given me; and that is between two of us.
A happier tomorrow, is the dream of yesterday.
I will never turn back; if you will never see forward, beside me.

All I went for, is all I am part in.
You have made a journey, and I shine further, when time never seek you and I, apart.
It is one I am bringing home to share, when life meant the two are never separated.
Happy are you, that love never standed between you two.
Happy am I, that love regain his power.

In it, I found love.
In you, I found happiness.
In above, we are the centrality of His part.
Let it not cloud your face, I may not be fully in, but I am, is all I am suppose to be.
Went for a journey, but we are never apart.

If you need laughter, this is mine.
If you need love, it was never given away.
Planned for two; yesterday opens up for tomorrow.
All this love, never one missing moment.
One for you, never in need, of dieing.

If you check your life; it is loftier.
If you check your soul; it is cloudy without a should be.
If you check all; all I am meant for, is literally, all I meant to be.
A percentage of our time, is the premises of our presence.
A speed we will never manage; is a speed with the abstaincy of time.

Never life passing moment, join the two.
Never shallower of time.
A type of my history, is the period in between.
A life you are looking for someone else; is not the life, I have begin to share.
One full life, with types in between.

To search your present; I see your full.
After the clock goes, our rest are after.
Up to now, time has push; now, time, we see us, forever.
Life is certain for all; living for clockwise of the moment.
All in life; is all we have scheduled out of living.

Could life, find a counterpath?
Could life, think beyond itself; in creating a two?
When it is fully grown; this is my, beyond my count?
I don't how I dream; but I know, it is worth living for.
If we could stand still, here is my, beyond counting.

All the life, you have live; you have given me.
All the life, I live; it is for you.
Letting you be one of me; is letting you, be as I made.
Briefly this is my life; entirely, it is all for you.
If I could create life; this is my type, of finding you.

Releasing me, from a journey; this is what, I find out, living through you.
The tender moment, is what clear us, forever.
Holding hand, sharing the time, that last.
Not because, I will ever be you; just making entirely, it is all for you.
A deeper intituive of my beginning, is a greater appreciation of the present.

With love, I bargain all; with God, this undone, is losing it forever.
With love could share away, where would it give, is given?
Wisdom is appreciation, of the fact.
No love turn around, when it is favor, in need.
If what you find, is living; this is the beautiful description of the cost.

Appearing at present, is sufficient of the future
All we went through life for; is what we see, at the beginning of seeing through.
No where love is justify, except where it is accepting.
A life, I have given; is life, unchangeable.
All I have given you; is all meant for giving Me.

A understanding of My present, is meant for My appreciation.
If all through Me, life meant impossible; where is My possible?
A beyond my past; is a see my future.
Often time rest; when magnitude of time, is in our favor.
Never life worth giving; is worth accepting.

You have journey, now, rest where you become.
With a helping hand; life compose of the usual.
The advantages of our time; is what we have derive of the present.
Happy are we, and happy are the cloud of your days.
Not far after; always where you become.

If no one is impossible; here is my possibility.
I don't want to be gone, when making you is after.
A life that is calling; is plural counts.
In ward of the present; that is my calling.
All I counted as none; is all I counted as few.

All through life, there is a call to wonder.
If this is my own, where is my task.
Honestly to begin, a heart settled on loving, is never greener than his days.
All I found, is love matter, where it counts.
Living for a fuller fulfillment of my love.

