Can I make it, a lover?
Together sharing the future, that is never separate apart.
Wanting to be in each other midst, time will never separate us.
Low in thy midst, is set a forth.
No love will ever exists, serving a past.

Can you tell me, love will ever exist, serving apart?
It just seem, the sight of you; will never set me blind.
Love is our kind, never separating is our few.
The event of a few period of my life; serve the rest.
Wanting you, the period of my life, will never end.

Okay, I miss a few; but you, I miss, a lot.
The history of giving, is the history of including.
Tell me, time will never pass, our day.
Tell me, living will never separate us.
Tell me, life is all kind, to all, I know.

A brief period of realizing the same; is a brief period of you and I.
Enjoying the moment of my dream.
Realizing the fully, of my life.
Making the dream, the sentence of a time.
Once love life, never will fully, unless I am living in you.

Could you tell me, life will never separate us?
Mostly the second, fill the season.
Now, taking me with you, is never separating from me.
To live a certain percentage of my life; is to live fulfilling the dream.
Is you and I, living the fullment, of you and me.

The part you bring, is the part, I will never shedded from.
Can you tell me, life live forever?
So in love, with filling you and I.
You may be me, finding out.
Here is my dream, finding a life after.

Oh LORD God, this is the midst of starting in You.
I will never start a ride, without including my destination.
Making me, where I am; is making me, where I belong.
Now life, seem forever more; changing apart.
To realize the fully of my dream; is to realize the fully the end.

Nothing me; all you and I.
A life worth telling, is telling who, I am.
Here I come, I will never go away.
Here I am, I will seek, a new life.
All the life, I have live, is the life, I am suppose for.

The creator of my dream, is the creator of my life.
Met in life, mostly for all.
The love changing man, is the man, I have live for.
Can I hold your hand, as I hold my life?
It all seem at least, without having the rest.

This life of me, is including, you and I.
This life of yours, is all, I am giving you, for me.
Nothing says yesterday; is my half, for living.
Nothing says tomorrow, is without you.
Everything says, one life, should choose, so many.

To beyond time.
That is where, I figure out, you and I, will meet.
Separated in a life, fully of dream ... in a life, fully of laughter.
I know life, shouldn't choose; but this is my life, made for all.
All I see, is all, I can be.

Thanking you, for making life, the surest, it can be.
Thank you, for preserving, a life, worth living.
As of tomorrow, I don't know; but today, is all, I see yes.
No yeeteryears, full of today and tomorrow.
Can you tell me, one future stood for the rest?

When life is gone with you; when is seldom alive, with you.
It is a life, I seek, later; it is a life, I seek, for more.
To a partner, in my dream; here is life fully lived.
I am just a man, meeting a woman, is my future.
Living a life beyond you; is living arrears of the rest.

I know, you and I, are in life; to start it, end it, is never in my direction.
One more life, choosing, is never fully, as I realize.
I will go now, but I am never gone, from the past,of fulling my dream.
If it is you, as I seem yours; then let me look behind and see you, as I look at the future, and see you and I.
A part of me, will choose the land, ahead of me.

Seldom life apart, is life, fully lived.
I remember when life, used to be long, now I am short of time.
Ever giving life, the rest of my dream.
To a Bible, I have read, no longer the same, as I see clearer and evener.
Bet life, is better, living where, I stand.

To much, a clear.
To you, a dream.
For you are furthering the past, as we see, ahead.
No longer our dream, are worth the same.
This life, is all for you; as this life, retain you.

Could you make me, one of you; as none of you, will never, further me apart?
Is one, entirely the rest?
No life, will seem apart; if I am finding, the rest.
To my absolute rest, this is my life, fully in detail.
No life, meant for you and me; is so worth, living apart.

Choosing a better me, is making you, for me.
Now, today, is certain; tomorrow, will make a dream, fully lived.
I thank you, for opening the door; I thank you, for seeing the rest of me, that I have never seen.
One to many road, here, I am finally begun.
It is essentially, that Christ rise, at His appointed stage; never to be drawn any more, but to be seen.

