You being a cop like you.
She's been martyred, killed.
How many number do you think she 'll have? Just one. It can only be one public number.
The love laments.
The playground is the fortune ground.
Europe's serialization is America's downfall.
The prison sentence is to defer hope.
The tradition christian model deserves favor when it lessens the bondage of its ancestors.
Gregory Perkins.
Animosity of God. Colonization of humankind.
Should I follow the bride I know? The dangerline decides the story.
Their military men are in the barrack, so the ballon blew up.
The clothes he brought from Africa, are still worn in Australia.
The broken horses are in stepchild homes.
To taunt, to tailor.
AmeriAsian twentyfive percent.
Can a christian still find home without changing places? What are the last poorest.
What kind of religion annouces its coming by not availing its presence?
No offset, no offenders.
Primary, popular, paradox.
The perception in America is that a predominant few disregards the system; inclusive prefers public view, education.
How do you germinate generousity?
What are the impedance factors that affect the situtation? Rich boys kids deserving home houses.
Will you wash me when I am off season? Depending on the prevailing arrangements.
You have to stay substance on God without deterioting evil.
What help are you helping, what police are you arming?
Legal authority, outlaw gain.
Rationalization, Who would you take home, who would you detain abroad?
Temper, tantraum, broker.
Position, influences.
Obtain the favor, desert the loser.
Among all of us, their are one people that find a solution when the valve is low.
How I tresspass the ocean.
To belong to you, I bow my whole heart to you.
The gear box, pendulums.
In an effort to supress the Arab voice, they gifted violence.
They keep on thinking the Arab voice is a desmailer success.
You have to find the compound where the arrivals are located.
Collision colon.
When is a covenant convenient? The safety of the president is a vapour.
A passer way.
Once locked. Flow.
Indefinite absentism.
The only difference between you are here and I am there is that our heart have a combination lock, Malawi.
Dutifully dial-up.
Committed woman, philandering man.
I have done it all except on my terms.
Child custody avoidance.
In retrorespect, I found love when I often looked in between the two.
The intercourse in the midsession.
Ole fun oluwa lokan e, ti o ba le ni ara.
Since her their has not being number two.
Ibe yen lohun sile.
Old men don't gossip except in the middle of a thunderstone, tombstone.
Insolent fool.
Floging horses.
I got to go now. Got gold in my gloves.
The defense build-up is a threat to the non-government.
Is outstanding in honorable position.
I sent you oh long.