Let us spread our hand towards God.
I will manifest My Name by My thanksgiving.
In green seed I have glorified You.
The arc of the LORD from the CenterWest towards the NorthCenter, from the NorthCenter to the SouthCenter (exclude the path between the CenterWest to the Center) will transpire you.
We hear You LORD that You might be glorified.
I will gather My seed from all the corners of the world.
Lie before Me and be manifest.
Sing with Me on the mountain top.
Let her prophesy, let him interprete, and God is our medium.
In times past I have not listened to you, progressively we will learn each other.
Exchange your sin for My salvation.
Treasure My temple within you, as you treasure My Spirit within you.
Pay My tithes, honor My respect.
In the day of the LORD, I have offered my thanksgiving.
The Spirit given me, the same Spirit we share within our congregation, in our lives, in our homes, and in our outgoings.
The wreath of our LORD lies within us.
Remember without thanksgiving, is thorns without title.
My glory will be within her, and My joy will be within you.
In grass I will fly, in hope I will rejoice.
Preciously, gather My elect together.
Triumphantly, graciously, mercifully, salvation is granted to all.
In all of His journey, He tended to them.
Range yourself according to God, measure yourself against no one.
Do not count your allies according to the numbers, Since their is only Me.
Finally, God counts the numbers and decides who is on His team.
When you eat, consider the LORD's portion.
Propagate your rest, since you only live within your gates.
Asahi, tradition without benefits is not tomorrow's offering, since it is essentially waste.
My fingerprint may not tell you much about me, since prophesy without fulfillment is not miracle.
Appointed dates are God's provision and allowance for man's inadequacies.
Water and wine, give her what she wants, since she is your well.
Parental consent does not obliterate divine or natural laws.
As you count My lives you will realize, thrice fourteen generations, no exclusions, from Abraham to David, and from David to Christ.
Clock the cycle, come up when you can, preferably on your own, I will administer the rest.
Tofu nice food, considering the nutrient, usage unlimited, benefits admirable, live long, die not.
My leg shake without the missing rib, the third leg is away on vacation.
The postwoman said we will keep the mails while you are away on holidays, reading between her eyes, she said, our home is available for the long weekend, kind regards, Ebenezer calling.
Bookmark the dates, remember the important keywords, framework with reusable code means building bridges without breaking the dams.
Compassion is God's cycle within the circle.
Blue generation, the Maltese already ordered the glory box.
Egypt's straw is only a perceived hindrance, God's timetable arranges the launch dates.
Recommended glasses, reading glasses, sunglasses, individual preferences.
Keep the card until we play, again.
Suggestive sidelines are Ok.
Grow your advantages prior to the maturity dates.
Choose the instrument, since God choose the Man.
I recite the king's of the East, ceremoniously.
Edo Sushi, highway eigthy four, cash madam's with cows, semen available?
Both sides, transparent not necessarily translucent, God will distinguish the tree not the image nor mirage.
Jubilee, year of release, the right pillar, Jarzin with the visible glass.
Jordan on Christmas day is for all the women figuring on His man.
Guz offered the tuition fee for the last undergraduate semester, but driving between work and home, I fell asleep and the red car ran into the middle of the road.
Boston said, Peggy Turner, God said, close and clap your hands, when you open it, you will find me.
Side by side not without a way.
You don't need to know, you don't need to say, you just need to believe in Me.
The intersection of Stevenson Boulevard and Balantine Drive: He just stood up for us.
A woman never comes out until its time to go out.
Food inspection, care for the beverages, no breakages.
He is the glory of the LORD, she is the glory of the husband, unised not allowed.
Sixty days, two biblical months, four weeks and four days, sixty evenings.
Tomorrow is here, Pele is going to fly all over the place, and me I am going to fly all over the town.
Connect leadership to facts.
Amy, their are twelve letters between the first letter and the center letter, and their are twelve letters between the center letter and the final letter; the alphabet sequence is thirtynine.