Ambassador.
Irandigba.
He didn't need to.
Its not the way the time fulfill.
I would rather play football than stock salt fraud in jail/prison mating for christianity.
Murder on rape charges.
They broke a lead pencil, since they couldn't turn black.
Its a pity we couldn't find and play soccer riot.
They call themselves christians but the cat out.
That's why we used the word, act.
After they waste each other, we inherit the wealth.
If he is a good president, he doesn't have to great emulate.
A country deserts his leader when he is governed by the people.
We don't permit idiots, we don't run.
To be leye, koni ye orun.
At the cost of his first born will he lay the foundation, at the cost of his last born will he put up the gates.
Total reward is rewarding in heaven.
Husband's shortput fell short of the glory of God.
How can I undervalue love?
Anniversary of delegation.
I would only have dreamed but God justified His dreams in me.
It shot me off the roof.
The bridge, the dam.
I slope.
Heart moving, warm reception.
When the marksman let his gates open, the vulture proaches on.
God was late coming.
What do you do with the people after you feed them?
You let them find their own rectangles.
What about the land? They misjudged the presence of God.
What percentage of the migrant's money is spent on tax.
You don't have to be a liar, if you can let hope through.
Interest rate is a marginal cost.
Church, We find the outlaw.
Their are no don'ts.
Queen city, Charlotte, North Carolina (NC) United States of America (USA), the cheque spent the night out, the airline ticket overlapped Lazarus.
If you want to make a mistake, monitor heaven.
Why does he have to win everything in court? His grandson didn't understand him.
Please outdone the deeds of hell.
You don't cost when you are misleading people, mishandling individualism.
Why put money into arms when you are in ancient times.
If you get your act together, they will say, You are a leader; if you keep on mimicing the fool, they will say, You are a loser.
Fool, food; dog, log.
Arrested out of school, shown the glass out of church.
What I am doing about that while not tearing the roof nor killing tires.
If I am God appointed, I most be able to distinguish bread, fit.
Valentine, violin.
Where do you say this is the government? This is taxable authority.
Entrepreneur, the establishment is nonexistent.
Run, don't turn backwards.
Citibank, WorldSavings, Why is John not much.
You don't travel with the money, you travel with the law.
Payload is no pitas, you ain't hawking.
Attorney General, tongue in holyspirit.
Cupid, culprit.
The rounder you get, the more destructive you are.
When nobody is finding you, you finally lost.
Disillusioned, deceived.
Way by.
Koma yebi si were.
Be gone.
Meridian pursuant.
Torture that torment.
If he can't run green on the landlord.
What is disposable and what is fixable?
What multitalent skills does the military maintain our brotherhood.
Is a black man safer than in God.
Where we live at, is where we are made at.
They 've not been broken off from the root.
This is my guaranty of arrangement to you.
La'yo Odipekun.
Boss' honor is at avail.
Look for an excuse to favor evil.
Unfortunately, you don't console evil.
Ain't no orphans in an infant world.
It is obscene in the gesture of God to foundation evil.
Genevieve's BMW lacklustre when lap lapse.
How do you keep youself beyond the thrifty circle? Teach chat.
Ike ogba.
The disaffected lot.
Oye ni aye.