Follow me as I make away.
Oluwa iya mi oni bere.
I murmur mind my manners, summon me in your sermon.
Same sometime; different language denote the same meaning.
The dirty hands of a passerby innocent child are worthy of beholden as are the boots that cleats the most adorable.
I mirror God when I am obedient to His service.
Won't you let me rub your hand; would you let me rock your soul, beads.
The bookshelf is a memory of me, as the audience is a rememberance of how we ought to live our life.
As I dedicate my home in you, honor my shallow bones.
Next time I course heaven, I'll love to surf your tides.
The translucent blinds distinguish the emeralds hidden in our guide.
Past patience yields clever clearview; therefore, transpose precautionary peanuts pasture.
Dissuade less, peruse, persuade potential.
Plausible parables are parenthesis, the differences are dividends derived in our household, stature, talent, tenure.
God let me remind you of the time that changes Your hand.
The keg and the tangerine are the thank you note, I care to tell you, carry me, we whole.
Salon sauna, studio salute.
Trial tights, trial tingles heights.
The porshe in the garage didn't deserve the attention, since you were not the one demanding the utilization.
I know that God still sends slides, our hindsight rears our foresight.
The cast signed eternally flavors goodness.
Mediocre, method mentor, menthol.
Egypt, the three years of sorrow abscond.
Egypt, tuck under the bed, eastward, feet hanging out.
Egypt, pipe tear sail well, roll peas.
We are talking about this one in the kitten.
Little Joe said thank you to jolly ride.
Freetown makeover, lane curves.
The joy of winning is losing the whiner in our heart.
Son in Nile, thundered our shores.
Cajoled in song, sojourn in tale.
Creative mass, one for a mean of us.
Qualitative analysis, quotient throughly.
Stress strains, drum revive.
Onise ile, onise ina.
Simply you don't touch your hands where your eyes have not twinkled.
March marshall, madam.
None behind bars, altar loosen alley.
Trees fragile, roof roaring.
You're cutten the violin.
Floppy disk error ... living in shame ... growing in disgrace.
It would have been good, I admit, but I was a tokenizer.
Is it democracy or our genealogy?
Partly vein, flatly tan.
I will like two, in a theater ballroom.
That's the crew angular.
Insummortable task seek divine aim.
Appreciate precious associate.
Smooth simulate movers.
Arrange the lease structure.
I see you in me, so I thrill.
Thanks for the last time, which was the longest.
You stand misunderstood when you justify the unsatiable restriction.
Refine the router, tithe.
I stare alone without the supporting stair.
The undercloth with assurance.
The village veil towards Pasedena.
Arouse the saliva.
Glazed laced.
Freedom mall with the residential library inside.
Dry light or browse or secure.
The camouflage tailors.
Allure the edible.
Cyclical rout in one stretch.
Complement contradicts.
The law of first course, the elderly above the cutoff.
Sectarian nectar.
Baptist academy, rectangular outlets.
Payload pitas.
Two decent believers, pa's.
Threshold flavor.
Hose heal host.
Recede the silent annulment, recit the architect announcement.
Demonstrate badminton hospitality.
Westfield Nigeria limited.
Dictonomy approval consent.
Igbohun Oluwa, igbohun ola.