Always make sure it is inclusive as possible. If it is not then their is something missing.
The first test of a man. You ask him the questions he will ask you.
Kindly remember the God's given talents.
Wonder when you are leaving?
Too many issues came down to God.
Don't thumb, give directions.
The missing opportunities are redeemable.
People don't talk about food when their is no food.
Suprises seem to soften people, five S.
Guaranty trust, innocently given, innocently offered.
You get trust by honoring God.
Help God to help you.
Remember the cost of deficit. Remember the cost of time. Remember the lost kindred.
Spirit in God is spirit in Me. You have to look at each spirit, and say, Which is God, which is mine? Not remembering the language.
Daddy didn't offer bread.
Twice given, twice forsaken.
Preferences does not always yield the best benefit when requirements are not given to priorities.
A girl missing a man is a girl missing a friend.
The typical black family doesn't remember the time.
Handicaps given doesn't obliterate the risk.
When offering round two, don't tempt God with passion.
When the arrears come in, consider the options that should have been payed.
Think a star in practice, offering his best in hope.
Guard against crowd interference when in the Holy Spirit.
Falling heroes rarely make best friends.
Even though I love, I don't lose the people I love.
Count the times, I say I do, not in the bible but in lives.
How many lives do you save when you are minusing Me?
If older, wiser.
Canberra, with no precedence but only God.
When do you put in perspective? When performing in an audience.
Don't remind time.
Grey arms are not mine when in useless hands.
Travel lightly when in miniscule.
Try out totally useless minds.
Faeces. Don't waste time on the minority when when the majority are in full. Leaded pencil on the floor, left. Broken pencil in the right pocket.
I will worship towards Thy temple and praise Thy name for Thy lovingkindness and property.
People with people lives in it.
Drying the pond.
Collaborate with us.
Thirst for godly favor.
Acquire love as compensation when evil is on parade.
Look directly, not offensively, and ask for a response?
Lower your risk when lowering Mine? Risen but not falling.
Double decker, you on top, Me behind, NorthEast diagonally, path well travelled, occassionally, three S.
In the mind of the raiders you were not one.
Governed by laws, ungoverned by man, two thirds.
Less I know, less I like, four S.
Friendly roads carry strangers, accordingly.
In his mind you are a beautiful god; however, their are reservations about the god you serve.
Enemies match you against allies.
Acting classes, partnering with God.
Little almonds.
Special times, dossiers required.
Hack the loser.
What is takeable and what is not?
Crying without a loss.
Connecting to God doesn't have to be difficult when He is talking to you, Sister Sledge calling.
Kill a bird while chasing enemies.
Asahi Beer, cultured yeast taste better.
Hello, I am Tom, who are you?
Will you mind the loser in me?
Your mama told me, not to ask to dance.
Losing holes, NorthWest, SouthCenter, SouthWest four headed fork diagonally.
How do you represent God to people? You count the people that connect to God with that person.
Show me the Light, and I will show you the God.
I held the pencil and the pencil didn't held me.
Lousy empire, man's kingdom.
Floor the loser in you.
The first weekend in two thousand four, where are the doughnuts? In the officer's cabin.
I need myself to God, not God to me.
Tormenting times in homeless foreigners.
Man's fascination with evil will collapse in time.
Essentially forgive people in doubt.
You see the blues, rising the blues.
Dumb carriage paint evil, foolishly.
Kick off the hoof, jumping as a wolf.
Change the lines running out of fashion.
Ill will, will lost.
Slavery register.
You should give opportunites for communication on all cycles.