Loving you forever once more.
Ireakiri from an older eye.
Intricately have I woven nothing is lost in me.
No role model opens a motherhood cliff, taunting only accentuates the rift.
God has been wonderful to me in my times of need and in my tides of hope in subscription base.
Figuratively, I found myself in you without miscalculating my orphanage by enlisting bridal drain.
Organize the conductor according to the pregnancy covenant.
Deadly safety wreath.
Produce pun the promotion or provotion playmates in disguide.
Contraditions offer intervals for ascensions, project depths.
Football is playable accomodate diminishing ranks by pledging fatherhood.
Move the crowd in witnessing associate when gathering without questioning the move in you.
Impart analysis hint passage overload overhead.
Therefore, I chose you in choosing me, no amputation.
Ammunition is absorbing personal wounds while personel are vacating.
As we pray in memory of the lost lives, we pray for lasting solitude.
Angels marching orders, don't ever eat the favorite pet in formality.
In golf you either play solo and long range or softly.
Fielding, I saw mother and child milking on the roof.
Living in Africa, living around the world, character built for longevity.
Watch the volume, washed our underclothes.
You don't know where you are going when nothing is going in you, either move in the water, on the water, or above the water, midst mist.
We spoke manners, delivery for my son is your son, choose wisely.
What do we do with life, do you appropriate it, fill it.
Sugar cane mixing yellow long green.
You are my love, you are my love in you, cruise.
We fund match making love.
John loved as he was loved, John gave as he was given, John sang as he was song, John pleasure in advance meant life in pleasant face.
Beko o jare, jaye, nothing is lost when nothing is given, not in England, you have to say leave.
He lost lasting power, cause for oblivion.
God in governing us, you have governed you, if you can say, it can be done.
Govern yourself by touring home, pass your aunts, intra family, the lights in you reflects our in-built spirit.
Private table girls table, alitosis, this girl likes money improving the sea level in dumb men.
Neighborly love trails triathlon gauge subzero luminaries.
Cross cultural amalgamation trials breeding.
Too much wealth in too little hands redefining wealth.
The end is not indicative of the beginning, however, your after thoughts should not predicate nor superimpose presumptions, allowing for guidance.
I am gotten the goat licks the well.
How much computer is in me, and how much me is in the computer.
Wo aye ohun ni rere. Ado ekiti.
Laugh lively in the spirit.
Stakeholders steak streak skate skirt.
Is it a United States stuck in the nineteen fifties waiting to find itself in the year two thousand and fifty.
Going in time is unlikely when you are piloting in peaking form.
Do you fall over nets or do you classify subjects.
The merry go round often occurs in indoors.
Which way is there taking me, me and you, if you play into Newark you play into all.
Ibo ni daddy tun ti ri yin. Won so pe to ba wa, wa mu.
If travelling never in need, sometimes jump, fly, follow love, fall into the right holes.
Laiku.
Do you jaundice in our men? Do you stand when standing is in you? Ofe.
This is the challenge he all faced, how do I define tomorrow without finishing yesterday.
Somebody is asking you a terrible question, In the event of a catastrophe how do you fair?
I am willing to offer you for a good cause, Which is find the parents in me.
You can't collect mortgage and find horizon? Simultaneous, consecutively.
What's stopping you from falling over and failing the first time.
You know what you know when you don't know your learning activity.
Didn't have to house the household, falling well host, he has seven incher when not in use.
Build nest eggs estimating time of arrival when leaving departure.
To find examples when laughing in our love lives we have found you, lone in shirt.
In conjunction, patriotic, timesheet, offshore, normal lives.
Five: feast inmate victim enable.
Where do you mismatch, where do you maintain heaven?
Time with time wine age.
Cute in arm length.
I don't know somethings might be useful when you are gone, for example, the shade in you.
He lived in the mirror ages siding with each egg.
Privately I have forgiven you, publicly you are disowned.
Quietly call a game when all are looking.
Too much trouble is not good when too much ass is given away.
Will you curtail our spending to finance children's education.
I am checking my blood pressure what we can do together without breaking the city of refuge covenant.
Setting your mind when manhood is needed is leaving in the dust.
You teach the man in you, training for a showcase.
I am very much amiss in you, since I rarely talk when jealous.
Sile.
In Christ LORD nothing is too wonderful multi-purpose room.
While visiting overseas you were away with us.
Kini iya fa nile. When you have a cause you cause it. In consumption I dispose the overall. In manipulating your loss I have confessed mine.
Guide the walker in you, finding a place in the bible.
No back reference. You have to stand for everybody has I have stood for you.
You've been all I have been waiting for never minding the past in me. Will you come, I just need for somebody to be with.
I am in child in another man.
He is open hearted when in open surgery.
Joseph, the driver sits the truck by valueing the seating positions.
Ki Olohun jo ma je ki eyan se aye, ki Olohun jo ma ki aye se ohun. In his only glory he sought the glory of God, in God's glory, God offered him first.
Restrictive virgin, no kids in our cloud, no kids in our block, you stand as a man defining the robe.
You don't know who was talking to you, you don't who you was talking to.
You make me tall when I tall.
When the girls are up, you are free. Ki Olohun ran iyan lowo, ki iwo na ran Olohun lowo. No girls fall when their are no guys in. Convey My message to My people, I am hoping for you to find you.
If this man got back, if this man come back, God is back.
Se ki eyan je esu ni, esu ole je, iso lo le je.
Shela Balana.
The girl in me masters the will in me.
To ba we owe.