The birds arrange the holes.
Eni ti o ni joko sibi ni ojoko si ola ni.
Is time to go home without taking you, we rest the stallions.
Ibo leyin lo, ibo leyin tiwa.
Flow with traffic when traffic is flowing you.
In collecting my asses, I collect my thoughts.
How much further can you run from home, how much drawer can you draw back.
Motor running late home.
Omojokosile, iwojokosiomo.
Train the groom in you when running the show, grooming classes are off schedule.
Bed, drip, drift.
Kojo kodanu.
Ibonistory wa ibonistory osi.
Never leave the remnants in you.
The church offers hope to the less privileged.
Soleje, soseje, solemu, sosemu, shogunle, shokunle.
In blessing, I have offered you to postpone the dividends in me.
You don't run the lane, you run the lane, how do we go from here when I am opposing views.
Ese oje ana, ise aje.
Easter winter winner.
You are bringing some of me out, and I am bringing some of you in.
Project visible faults, and fill in the falling outs.
Long last life live no socks.
Hand in lot, Niagara, come in.
Ohun oni ose ohun le ru. Omo mi ni kose lola.
Time without purpose, I will wait out your purpose. Sometime has to tell him when to eat.
Ewo le tun gbe jade yi, Olohun lon se ola.
Double the crosses, walk the church.
Injury time, that's where we all stood, obeisance, obedience.
Confirm My covenant, if it's their you take it out.
If people don't know you, its because you don't know Me.
Without losing the cause, you forgot the loss.
You need to be careful about taking sides, taking sides doesn't take of you.
I have unburdened myself when unbundling you.
Fine good which way.
You hope you lose when you are lost, you hope you gain when you are gained, integrating the society in archive way.
Only the names changes nothing else stays the same, Joko Jeje.
If you see me, will you remember me, educating the youth.
I lost respect for John when I saw John's food stain his shirt.
If she could lose a hand, one side of my heart was lost on her.
He lost the flower of his age.
How do you acknowledge ties when formatting hope? The God wills in man that I am given up in recognition of you.
Equal representation defer.
Consistent constituent gossip exclusive.
Compute her when not home.
Demonstrate my love for you through the child in you.
Do you offence or do you offend?
I didn't choose life, life chose me.
Facts stack used sued suede.
That's how we all stand on life's boat.
Occurence righteousness.
God's dignity is man's pride.
Man's failure is his shortcoming.
Finding God when their is a threat to human civilization.
Been in son.
How do we stand on how to achieve populace?
Yeoda.
Are you standing or swimming?
For all the world to see, you stood for love, for all the word to hear, you crossed tampons to live.
Kini show show sure ni.
You don't know how he go their, however, we will stand up for him.
Love will receive restitution.
Based on this that's why I have done this.