Here we are again, better than the last time.
America still practices slavery in the president's backyard.
How can I stay the same, I love you anyway.
You've made love to the little girl in all of us, stand up for an hour.
Every heart that turns, it is seven days to play.
Your body touched me.
As she looked for safe eat.
Make sure it's clean.
Their are things we can do without forcing ourselves on people.
Do the English control the Jewish bank, Citibank, with its Clinton's luminaries or the entire United Kingdom (UK) and United States (US)?
You are flesh of my skin.
We are not into dumb holes.
You write the news in your hand, you know how to confisticate evil.
After finishing eating the food, we know where to throw it out.
Indeed I am sent of God.
When you pay your bills, people will follow you.
Grow up, don't disgrace the holder in you.
They are defending the presidency's honor.
You can be acting behind the scene in disguise, the parade of honor isn't a slime show.
Invite the promissory note.
How are you folks doing? Everything ok.
I just float around.
One dollar, How can you hypnotize evil.
Honorary dates.
When you cleanse the LORD, You do it for me and you.
Bring up players in the LORD's style.
If the kings of the East have taken all the women, what's left for the rest of us? The losers in all of us.
It just takes me away.
If it has to come off, it has to come out.
Stand straight when stooping down to your elders.
You can never stay in one position, always gazing.
People don't wear glasses when they are seeing above you.
Thanking you for all the times you wear it in.
You don't have to let me go when I am moving in your way.
God softens the glad spirit.
God loves the true giver.
The thunderbolt in the room.
I wonder why you are so wonderful to me, the mysteries continue in their miserable lives.
You walk away from the devil when its falling behind in rents, no downpour from the lassies.
The generation is wasted on deficits propelsion of the mouth.
The drainage drinks the idiot's juice.
The years preceeding passage to America, tariff.
Franchise are not given to lose horses, potent.
Why are you drawn to her? Drawn to you.
You were turning thirtyfive and you knew you were reaching the half of your age.
If the restaurant's employee is undateable, the entree is edible.
Shopping for food, Mexico's goodies.
Their are enough Mexicans to load a battallion in the off season.
Sterilize as a boy to the stockbroker's porridge.
These are both married women, if they were single will you be loving them Issac.
Just walking around the mall, talls me.
Twice in life, you say guy.
Jello, turning the joker into all aces.
If you see the world, how do you write the word.
You don't have to wait for me, the clues are all around the favorite houses.
The American entertainment? Fault, faint, faulter.
Tired old men wetting the daggers.
Presidential day, trash talk, vomit is still the prime candidate in America's rice and milk.
The management should operate within an acre of its boundary.
Talk, tow the lines.
Oriburuku aje.
Knowledge craving people.
You don't know me, when I am found within you.
In form, in nature.
You have to always be good to your LORD.
How do you feed a milk? Shoulders found out.
Ni iyi.
Simply think of the time your love waves.
He couldn't see the love passing by.
Do not expose evil napping in hell.
What God said to you and I, You don't have to search beyond your dreams.
Somebody else is mocking you, somebody else is retarding you, somebody else is retaliating you.
After all these years, the world still has to be divided along racial lines.