Don't go foresic test. Lana. Kabiyesi gboro lenu ti e.
Ring your city bell.
Oku imo ile.
Can I help you on table number four.
You can still see the world in the eyes of a little girl.
Oh LORD, I guard you unto me.
We're going yonder today.
When my conscience move.
Ile Ofa.
The zero out public.
Harbour bust line.
Janet for the whole dumb house.
You touched the LORD, feets towards the backyard side of the horizontal couch, head towards the third side of the vertical couch.
Author Jones ... Phillipines.
Iron the inside of the dress.
Sustainable importance.
Soak the load in you.
And the amazing hands of heaven.
Competitive endeavor.
Is this a friend, what is his pluralism?
Payroll, favoritism is past time.
Don't go falling in love, its lovely with you.
They know you like it, You just keep on facing the door.
'Cuse me ma, Is their any ice cream that I should be trying out?
Tick, toll, the christian right popularity diminished in its intuition.
An object of ridicule: falsification and distortion.
You can't be discriminating in the market.
If you can't run positive, what can you run?
He's been with this people and he should know what they're all about.
You could move the chair, restitution.
Your road is our road.
Attest.
The bird flys away, the boy shadows.
Can we show each other the rest of the way.
A difficult road less trodden by men, handled by God.
Feelings are forever with you.
Would you kindly let me go, or would you kindly let me see what love has for you and me.
Thank you LORD for everything You do, thank You for sharing our love and kindness.
You don't want me to talk, You don't want me to say, the things I have forgotten to say.
Up above, so high.
A man's food selection should bring out the majority in him.
You don't know that's the boy who loved you, nor did you know that's the girl you should have married.
Iya oni one.
Can I open an account?
Honor My covenant.
He is not in a hurry to justify God.
You could come into her without no condoms, condomuniums excursion.
Escort the all hoses.
Assemble collector's gamble.
A true pursuit for growth.
Do you share my need? Yes, I shell your every effort.
Will you kindly bestow on me the honor given to you? Yes, You are my almighty God.
Terrible question? Prosperity.
Oye mi.
We assume and we are entitled to.
May our love be on You.
The comfort of a father, the joy of a son.
The love given to them by I.
Fi ara ba le, fi oro ba le.
For the rest of my life, I must move God.
To love you, as I have loved you.
He has crossed his seed.
As we chastise our evil.
He could hold a gospel.
Credit for good works, credit for good you.
Isu ni ile.
That's why you choose Me and I choose you.
The light of God is to shine all stars.
We are god parents, so, therefore, God is their home.
God, I cannot for take.
This is God founding in you.
To survive is to solve.
I seek good.
The probability for potential is unlimited.
You did not see life until life tasted you.
Multiply our seed.
Thank life in rewarding you.
Koda now.
No take some more. No open.
Be comfortable with whatever you are doing.