I have managed to spend this time with you not of my own loving but out of your own suffering.
Bernie Alspaugh, somebody else but his classes.
Call God when you can.
Hello, I love you. Reason with mine.
Call off the risk when standing in absolute standing.
Feedback always act in a loopback.
Don't ask me how-to love when I don't know how-to love, only ask me how-to live when I know how-to live.
Index name, call God into rememberance, Gohar.
Sufficient juggle suffocate.
Expiration doesn't influence the climate.
Qualify the ammenities, living quarters.
Each day a special event.
I will render unto her according to her justice.
Tom Chow, Vadim Gavan, Eugene Volker, Hsiu-Hiu Tseng, David Salas, Eduardo Ballesteros, Comforter: What should you do and what shouldn't you do? Is tomorrow a reality with you or you are just passing by?
You make a covenant and you condemn it in the light of disclosure.
You call on God and you serve Him.
Never overlook the ignorance in you.
Hello, How is there?
Iwo gun oke. Nipe o'bere mi. Kunle.
Always honor people when they are in need, iye, distance travelled, one third.
In acknowledging God, I look at myself.
Remind me of the times I said yes and I didn't say no. Aunty said no to long hours at work and finally said to her daughter? I said yes to forty naira.
Simple if you find the need.
Keep out the dogs but keep in the elephants.
You read by example.
Ogbo. Ose. Sure.
Need an aeroplane, need mine.
Gentle in a nest, gentle in a boat.
Truely magnificient, Mitchell.
Don't thread on shoes.
Light the screen when you are looking at people.
How do I make the conversions? Inspecting the belts.
On the first day of school, busary ran out.
Glass houses rarely bust, poor kept bulls do.
Everything is normally OK, until the boss comes flying in.
In a troubled court, chin your egos, put your bonds in drafts.
Benin in public, skip the oranges, NorthWest.
Confirm your audience by carrying the crowd.
Pastoral girls mother infants.
Offer the lunch but don't enforce request.
Don't run the candle on a girl's birthday, out of season.
Look at me and say good, turn around and say evil.
We know something passed away on him.
Upon request, change mind.
A call for humanity.
On dangerous paths use often anticlockwise.
A contrite mind is a holy mind.
Observe my Sabbath.
You don't throw away used clothes.
If it is obsolence, it is obsolence for God.