Let You be magnified, let I be bestowed.
So was the father of Joseph.
Valiant men are awesome men.
This is the pole that I have set up in this place, this is the house that I have set up in this house, located in the NorthWest corner.
We drink wine in my house, palm wine, thank God the Holy Spirit suffice.
Let wisdom be given to men that will generous it.
And their is completion in women.
Since I found you, I said sharing you won't last, so I said sharing you with Me.
Tampoline.
Stream will always find you, but God will always reward you.
Medium measures a man's strength.
Lightning, a shadow rewards worldly course, cover.
I raise up my hand to you LORD that You may crown our joy.
Promiscuicity in our rearguard is our safety.
I look forward to time with You, as I look backward to time without You.
I will walk your hand but you will rest My laurels.
Starch My hope in you.
Choose Me if you care for tomorrow.
Punctuations in precedence, prioritize periodicals.
Smile, soon, solemnly.
I walk with my husband.
March motivate me.
In the day of the LORD I will observe my own.
Yesterday is out their, today with father and mother, tomorrow in the East.
At the end of the year, memories of the beginning flood, in between is accountable to You.
I bend, prelude with You.
Motivate us, merry with me.
Elapse with time, but regain in You.
Beyond the unseen is the majestic of it all.
I pen Your words, only one Word, most mighty You.
Christmas is foretaste of the future.
I remember You, for You are unanswerable.
Guide our feet that we may stand with You.
Allow permission, love in the spirit, flesh is only a remittance.
Beneath the sky is the love we share.
At thirtyseven, seriously consider the stanger dwelling in our midst.
Wine willingly given, not necessarily forced.
The white cloth on the table, performance dilute in Mine.
Generation, timing the message, yearly in the harvest.
Join Me, since I need lives.
Wickedness not meeting the weekends.
Supper, since I offer You.
We have fortyfour in our neighbor, not minding the cost, separating the lost uneccessities.
Mate, merging the cost.
Share My hand, since I share your mind.
Offer Me since I sorrow in sorrow.
Travelling unkept, luggage in mind, post in the exterior.
These are also Your people, these are also Your time, in features.
Choose well when falling.
Unfolding the folders make Me prominent.
You must destroy ungodliness in godly manifesto.
I borrow a word in Spanish, since culture is acclamatization willingly.
NorthWest, SouthWest, SouthEast, NorthEast, chair, half square upwards.
We have asked for His love, since God is only love.
I will flow with you around the curve, since You minister in me.
This is the day, You said godliness must prevail humanity.
Yonder, recapturing our mentor.
The cross is all inclusive, minorities excluded.
Downunder, Venezuela, Chile, Argentina, older, wiser with a foresight in God.
That I may repay the cost, only God rewards the deligence.
I am sober, man not manna means menu.
Trials train the youth in you.
Guaranty the ignorance, since I call Him, evening.
Fellowship, Bell O, you will use up your energy, alone.
You will worship, since I cloud you.
Failure to understand the times means failure to understand the people, in recognition of His mandate misleading in man.
Together we can create all, together we can destroy none, not withstanding the needs.
Two thirds of the majority in arrival of the half.
Our living Spirit is forthcoming, Pentecost, fifty days in our time.
Falling, filling.
Govern with Me, that I may govern with you.
Plantain, planter with pour us.
Milestone, Mecca missing Melchizedek.
Green table cloth cover His glory, wet her with fruitfulness, forecasting the congregation in company with me not minding the trauma, troubling tumble dry, green fence, diagonally.
Caring, carrying, ceremoniously, covering the wound, cajoling the chorus, since I must cloud the NorthEast, Euphrates.
Benchmark early, formerly, informing the knowledge He has spoken.
Anoint forfeiting society, solemnly.
The New Year will not pass without My presence, Christian layman, in the Spirit of God.
The generation will wander, not blindly; yet the veil will kill the dull not the ant.
A year without dieing, siblingless, entwinements in You.
Adjust the gauge, maestro, hotdogs.
Figure, child bearing, walking with Me.
Knuckles in prayer not in battle.
He must prepare the way. If I don't who will.
2003-12-28T00:00:00.0000000-08:00 I saw two strangers seating in the West, maternal figure in the SouthCenter, two zero zero three, one two, two eight; living in Him, East border.
This is the brown mat on the wall, revealing the gospel for advent in Christ.
Firstly all people, inconsistent with traffic, presumptously.
Groundnut, boil, however, mindful hungry, representatively.
Tires, flourescent, the largest minority, undermined.
Continually, God must give allocations to deny the unjust.
If we can, we will remember His color, Leviticus two two.
Even though not mine, especially His.
Guide your mouth since orators rarely live.
Green garden, bended curved eastward, missing bridge between the NorthEast and SouthWest.
Weep, week.
First Chronicles, the ambassadors of Christ.
Slaughter The Lamb in the fire of His glory, since blemish may not come into the house of the LORD, His private part cut off.
Sale without the E.
The pig must stand and be counted in us.
Count the letters so I do not count them Myself, Moses was born and hidden for three biblical months, thirty, Cordonnair, Vincent, twelve, thirty nine, Israel twentyfour, use Me.
Quaker Oats will not faint, English calling.
I am a man of God since He only calls whom He needs, grow in growth cycles.
I may not build the house, drafting, computer aided drafting (CAD), grafting.
Sleep, twelve hours in a day.
Minute, minutes famously elapsed in all His days.
Jimmy and Rosalyn Carter, the pencil fell on the carpet, in Iran.
John 15:8 chapter fifteen verse eight, our pastor recites his prayers, every morning, early.
Fever in infanthood progressively cures in adulthood.
I will not judiciously caress myself, tenously injure no one.
Green glazed glass hinders the unforsaken.
He must suffer the hell, I forsaken.
Knob the door in the tube.
John 15:16 chapter fifteen verse sixteen, in the temple, unlearned outside.
This is isn't all since I Am not in you, undetered.
Even though hand is missing, Bond I to Bankstown.
You won't fail, if I don't fail.
I must be in her the weaker sex, since He will not regard the desires of women.
Purple won't color the undiluted.
Train Lot's offspring, My growth in you.
Wine in the West, bakery in the East, abject.
God, dog, make a choice, nut on cut.
Wife unmarried, either solitude in youth or five's in heaven.
Black bed stand in the North, occupant vacant.
Green seed nurtured invariably of man.
He most grow, Moscow doesn't come easy.
Farewell distraction, Rehoboth host Lazarus vacate clown.
Mediocre in militancy, calvary on God's parade is out of steps.
Man's incompletion in competition in a strange land.
Dog, God, what is the use, unrewarding.
Bad dabbles when not in production.
Help you count where ends meets? heirloom.
Brown benchmark, Peter Brown, ludicrous, when not engaged.
My Spirit without You is not Spirit, water and wine don't make mix on cloudy days, unforcast events aren't according to God's signs in human life.
The band.
The white at the pulpit will write His name.
If He cannot come, I cannot come.
God is saying mind your manners, a love for women.
Indeed she is my mind with God in mind.
By the grace of God is God's covenant.
Just is My covenant with you, for good and not for evil.
This is what He has to do because God is so glad with Him.
Temple Betania is not mine, memory of early life between grandfather and infant children, their is a vital generation deserving of His compassion.
We only ask God when man is unpresent.




