The birds arrange the holes.
Eni ti o ni joko sibi ni ojoko si ola ni.
Is time to go home without taking you, we rest the stallions.
Ibo leyin lo, ibo leyin tiwa.
Flow with traffic when traffic is flowing you.
In collecting my asses, I collect my thoughts.
How much further can you run from home, how much drawer can you draw back.
Motor running late home.
Omojokosile, iwojokosiomo.
Train the groom in you when running the show, grooming classes are off schedule.
Bed, drip, drift.
Kojo kodanu.
Ibonistory wa ibonistory osi.
Never leave the remnants in you.
The church offers hope to the less privileged.
Soleje, soseje, solemu, sosemu, shogunle, shokunle.
In blessing, I have offered you to postpone the dividends in me.
You don't run the lane, you run the lane, how do we go from here when I am opposing views.
Ese oje ana, ise aje.
Easter winter winner.
You are bringing some of me out, and I am bringing some of you in.
Project visible faults, and fill in the falling outs.
Long last life live no socks.
Hand in lot, Niagara, come in.
Ohun oni ose ohun le ru. Omo mi ni kose lola.
Time without purpose, I will wait out your purpose. Sometime has to tell him when to eat.
Ewo le tun gbe jade yi, Olohun lon se ola.
Double the crosses, walk the church.
Injury time, that's where we all stood, obeisance, obedience.
Confirm My covenant, if it's their you take it out.
If people don't know you, its because you don't know Me.
Without losing the cause, you forgot the loss.
You need to be careful about taking sides, taking sides doesn't take of you.
I have unburdened myself when unbundling you.
Fine good which way.
You hope you lose when you are lost, you hope you gain when you are gained, integrating the society in archive way.
Only the names changes nothing else stays the same, Joko Jeje.
If you see me, will you remember me, educating the youth.
I lost respect for John when I saw John's food stain his shirt.
If she could lose a hand, one side of my heart was lost on her.
He lost the flower of his age.
How do you acknowledge ties when formatting hope? The God wills in man that I am given up in recognition of you.
Equal representation defer.
Consistent constituent gossip exclusive.
Compute her when not home.
Demonstrate my love for you through the child in you.
Do you offence or do you offend?
I didn't choose life, life chose me.
Facts stack used sued suede.
That's how we all stand on life's boat.
Occurence righteousness.
God's dignity is man's pride.
Man's failure is his shortcoming.
Finding God when their is a threat to human civilization.
Been in son.
How do we stand on how to achieve populace?
Yeoda.
Are you standing or swimming?
For all the world to see, you stood for love, for all the word to hear, you crossed tampons to live.
Kini show show sure ni.
You don't know how he go their, however, we will stand up for him.
Love will receive restitution.
Based on this that's why I have done this.
Love life, live land.
When their is hope in given, give all.
Hermit inm girl asses.
Love has stood in still.
The glory that is worth life in.
Loopback, loop lump.
I an you greys you and I.
I am waiting, meanwhile you are much too much for me.
Where you use to be before I started moving away, where I used to be before you started moving away.
Rainbow weighs in, man in line sitting.
Not doing the double life, no dating outside the city limits.
Not remembering time when life is all.
Nothing is lost only the dinner in you.
With God I often thanked.
I didn't need to follow the path of my forefathers, I could choose my grandmother's.
Counsel, You can't sell, you are sold.
Will life forgive me in you.
Life passed by while you were sleeping, next generation, overdrived.
The rain stops falling when you grow.
Goal post will you run the gifts.
The side he is on his obvious, the side he is not on is the determining factor.
You will know when life falls you on the side that life was always on your side.
In life as in me, I have found you through the glands in mine.
Working out life when working you, I love the nest, next in life, nestles.
GameDayGame.
Side by side almost matching each other we matched in.
Yes I have sat all and I have sat in.
You cry when calling.
Set in face sitting in face.
When you bring in these boys who is the boy in you.
No orphans, how do we make it possible when you are missing.
Stay clean, stay calm.
Without offending you, I have offended myself.
Internet years building.
Run My holy circle.
Much mover much move.
All offspring off.
Free mom around the area.
No slim daisies.
When heaven sent it sent me.
If alive open it.
stay in the middle solve the problem.
Acquire my debt.
To identify the glory of God.
To satisfy your man, dalmatians.
Deal value date.
The god in him found the god in you, in touching life, I taught you.