Marry the brides in your area.
Involvement.
Men in sin need want.
ISU needs unision.
How do you picture when love is finding.
Teach him to walk so he can dance.
Hand in son.
Jungle the boy.
Freedom after six, walk in opposite directions, lifetime impending.
Obsolete obstacles, you define the form.
No spirit commitment.
Fuse.
If it needs to cap.
How does a man determine the future when doubting the fool.
What is yours is mine, pitying hell, how do you go from zero to hope.
Registering school for social amenities.
All the people in the word will associate all the schools in the world.
How do you solicit service men? PastPart.
Impression.
Without influence their is no result.
Didn't leave when left, egg in plants.
The most public show, the most public show.
The word inside you is the place outside you.
Arming yourside in readiness, our anchor above.
Last in meaning, lasting effect.
Ademi ni ola eko. Ife mi ni Oluwa.
Omo ile lo la mu wa.
In the face of opposition you stood justice.
If it redeems you, it renews me.
In blindly have I given.
In undermining me, I undermined life.
Sunday date Wednesday, neutral.
Bible koranic literature.
Once giving, giving always.
Too many collision along the line way.
You don't step on horse.
Piloting the ship, in deep waters desire God, the same movie line moving truck.
A goal to share without the foundation in it.
Ige agbo ran.
Straight and narrow, often lost redeem the show.
The river lifts the waves in our inner life.
The slot in the house is making the man.
Spoken to you, mind numbing.
The gospel needs to be reformed.
Making absolutely sure that their are events to be remembered.
How do you markup when making up? matchup.
No liquid insert.
Waste management is never king when you are waiting for more.
Your wife is gone, what do good? Hell loose.
Any disappointment, all is missing.
No location on destination.
Ko le ise ni.
Ohun ole da si iyo.
Koduro odidi ni.
Green leaves falling when calling.
Do you stand in opposing views or do you stand in Him? How do you rectify evil when life is up.
Iwo na lon da esu.
Re-dedicate commitment.
Temple moon is fucking up.
Posting impostors.
Aso lo lu mu.
What is the market taking you and where are you taking the market?
I lost him in another woman's womb.
Indifference is the opinion, make amendments quickly.
Count your savior.
Is their another thinh you need? He will observe the rites.
The bastard never has observed the laws nor the principles.
Koda.
Ministry to Me.
Within the allocation table you find the reasonable points.
You know what love might do for you if you give love a chance.
Goofy goose in hands.
San Jose North West believe his market rawlings.
Nothing is transistent only illucent.
Where does major all demean all.
Offence, inspire.