You don't go into a church without observing the rules, You don't follow God without walking through water.
In his remark he said God. In his life, he said live for others to see the lives in you.
Watch the birds with antelopes in it.
Let's thank God for the kindness in Him, since we all waste lives when not serving the needs saved in the after life.
Care for the elderly, care for the young, their is hope in between.
The cross saved lives, the curse lost lives.
In midstream you either follow or fall behind; I chose the deep wells, since the hands that shed you are the hands guide your strokes.
Between admission and graduation, God graduated all, no declines, open door policy, top five.
The morning after, seven years sentence, the veil was broken by the man in sheep clothing.
Burst open the juice in you through the lens in opening eyes.
Adoptees? Kolanut, coconut.
Disinterest when divesting.
Accountability in sons of thief offering and slaughter is a nuisance when red and black cross style.
Disrobe the fool in you when it gathers storm, temper hoofing at the cash register.
The prize fighter will touch the light; correcting the past misdeeds.
I will change you when you change Me, in the midnight is the clock of the day, in the nile is the thunder of a thousand horses laid powerless by the song of God, in the event of a loss.
When making love, you make love once, and that's when anointing your successor, and acknowledging your precedence.
You lay your lives for the ones you love, and you don't share homes, questionably, progressively.
Hearts won, re-locate to heaven, except in downward trend, twenty nails.
Trees He rode, meaning infinity.
Next in line, butter me, loosening the man in me.
How do you influence the people in your group? You remember them in your prayers, only calling Peter to emphasize superiority and overall supremacy of the Christian church when it practices inclusiveness in the underground level.
Yes to war, no to wog; building houses is the crown of the crowd; sheltering the homeless is the joy of God; humble sterile, since you don't choose your own, you let Pa.
Moses father-in-law recommended the choice of honorable judges, Moses clearly guaranteed a king twice in His kin, sixtyfour holes.
Enemies at ease, sea year, no underpants open.
Three generations of love, open the books, afterwards, when heaven maturity westward jealousy.
Painted picture often obscure developmental stages, fallen in midair.
Don't I know you, don't you know me, must have met somewhere long ago, when the only mode of communication was still the pen.
Sometimes you want to be talked to, sometimes you want to talk to, only the truth quartet.
Priestly covenant commences with the offering of our daughter in marriage, and concludes the annulment of heresy by the renounciation of tradition in allusion to God's Word.
Points are given for discerning torrential levels and diminishing attrition.
You say thank you LORD for everything, cause He is greater than all of us, gray bow.
Omit the broken eyes, I chose live creating opportunities for new enhancements reconcilliable in heaven.
Calculate travelling to and from work in terms of houses for the two sons of Zebedee, thunder.
This is what you want, this is not what you want, assumptions are provable in the court of law and via experiments.
People say would you remember me, when I am gone; would you remind me, if I stay the same, in between, God either pulls us in or we push ourself away.