Why do we have to eat alone when we can eat in twos?
Stone into bread, water into wine.
You can't pass God when you don't have forward.
Rationalize the decision process in an effort to abide with time.
Patience in allowance.
Dangling darling.
If you mean something to them, they mean something to you.
The dream of God.
What have I done to you?
Boxing ring.
I will reconsider revenge.
The couple grand ma, and I.
Their is a saying to every word.
Clock the cycles, find the wise.
You wonder where he is at, when she is at home.
You don't have to cost it.
Frequently I visit the mall but mostly I visit all.
Analysis is the missing theory.
Looking forward I found you, looking backward I found you.
You turn to me and say I love you. You turn to others and say I love you.
Each person is the only person in the world.
Object by design.
Instantiate lifetime.
You wish God would put words in your mouth ... Open it, and I will do without.
Memory reminds us of what was spent in our lifetime in the past tense.
On the battle line their are no fools only folks.
Hiccups headaches.
Scarry is the rabbit when it is in a hole.
What do you want for yourself? Let's look for it in other people.
Simple yet painful.
The miramo cookie.
No, I am waiting for someone. Paint. The gospel to proceed.
Should soul.
As you find people, you find you.
Tile Tobias.
Please forgive us as we forgive origin against us.
Our LORD who is in heaven please re-instate your giving to us.
He voluntered his gift for the church and me.
People always keep an eye on the facts.
In the earlier age we  didn't give hope, in today's date we offer redemption.
Mediate God in our sense.
Alexander we close. So wi pe mo fe fun.
The difficulty in minding God is that He doesn't exist unless we are looking for Him in our minds.
A bloody shame. A bloody pastor. A moment of humiliation. We don't want race with error, we don't fraud with error. Gum ... falling off the cliff. We don't want race being an issue. Dice North ... East, three. He doesn't have to hold a dick. Cock. Grow up, bastard.