Iya Osagie lo ti de.
Call God prior to inference.
Diligently preserve the presence in Me.
Do you wonder for someone looking like me, pass the ball not the net.
The Past, present, and future should correlate, frictionlessly.
Celebrate with success.
You don't have to look like Him, to assure of Him.
My grandfather didn't keep indegenes in the house, he integrates.
What God really wants is for you and I to welcome Him, eight horizontal rows and eight vertical pieces, first of four columns, fifteen rows.
The mighty God is for you.
Are you after me? Oh yes.
When you observe the people, do you see the unique genders?
Last in numbers is representative of Me.
Two mums, the first one gives, the first one owes, twentyfour window shades.
When God ask you a question, answer Him.
Consume at cost, collect at reason, consultants.
Loopholes ripple through eleven bars.
Caucus effectual prayer.
The same you bring into business is the same thing you bring into your church, at home in business.
Perform My function in veil.
Hopefully, their are no uncovered grounds in plentiful forest, sadly, their were making lives.
Unfortunately, the books on the bookshelves, is not novel.
The teacher must balance the student's originality with creativity.
The round world and the four square poll each other.
Teach and learn life bonding frienships.
Repeat consecutive.
Baby goes fishing when I am fish in.
Now on three o'clock don't step on missed toes.
I sneeked in to enjoy the view, I sank in to live you.
Won bere arugbo lowe ole.
The society percieves in the lights of arguments.
Encourage open invitation, parallel the facts.
Consult, advice.
The keg emptys, unknown.
Use names not him, her, she, he, avoid relativity.
Fence the walls, not the classes, is our man at CPCC.
Obtaining you call.
Let us render unto Him, His every wish, that He may render to us our every wish.
No way do you write how not to read, Peru.
No way is my father, alone.
Butterfly, really, kindle.
Almighty God, heal us.
Alert Me when I am wrong, that I may alter my behavior.
I don't want to use anything that may be obstrusive.
Underwater is a breed rarely seen indoors, sea lions.
Let us walk together, I fear no man, Norma.
In the end time, I will reveal Myself to you.
Open the girl's gate.
Ole mu baba yen.
I now rest within you.
I now sit in the chair with you.
For thy is thy God, Caramel.