This man had to come, and he couldn't come no other way.
He shall not regard the desires of women.
Ohun na lohun ran ran lowo.
Why must only one person.
I must act and you must act.
Their is a beautiful thing for everybody.
Night in, son.
There are fins and there are birds.
Is the secreation of the mouth.
Why don't you marry, we will have to wait.
What does a woman want that I don't want? You don't want me but you have me.
How many women do we want in China? They neither marry nor are given.
The date by your design.
You just lie down and I will do the rest.
Their are contours by the sides but I am sideways.
You give her a choice and hope she will play by the rules.
The doughnut and no doughnut.
The build are bugs.
melt in a launch.
What was the reason behind having to come?
Boss eggs.
They could have it both ways.
Politeness is a plague.
He had to build the software.
As we give our daily men.
Do you think me alone is good for you, do you think you alone is good for me?
That's why you kept track of the time.
That's why they say they have to do things for you and I.
When do you tell people they had to kick off? I am re-locating.
WebFoot Loop 3400 Time to pick up.
WebFoot Loop 3400 You had to make a call.
WebFoot Loop 3400 Singing Single.
The power of reconnection.
The duality of service.
Can I postpone my accountability?
The money wasn't the issue, it is the love.
If I can, I will.
Pawn prawns, playing with words.
School, business, alignment.
Fictitious family.
Sister city, one, but Christian, forever, but I am only for now.
Crossing paths, do what you need to do, but I am doing mine.
Will you help mow lawn.
Reflex reflect.
You draw people and let draw themselve.
Will you fall for Me?
I didn't have to talk, I'll let you talk.
It wasn't ever a long road.
Fremont Boulevard Ranch 99 What was it a woman counted on? I up.
Fremont Boulevard Ranch 99 Sitting here.
The spirit of reconcilliation.
The spirit of commerce.
I didn't want to fight, but I didn't have to fight.
The choice of food is a wise choice, but the choice of boys is lifelong.
Checkout your boys walk straight without crossing paths.
Never contest, never abridge.
Fremont Boulevard Ranch 99 You have the first choice, but that is if God is not likely. He couldn't go up, and I couldn't go down.
Jacket on, left no leaves, right full leaves, is there derivaties, winter.
At a day in time, somebody will have to make cognizance, no sleeping on me.
Battle Royal.
Donald, unlike no other.
It was always the integrity.
This I am told.
Since I told you is there, is there.
That is not the way I want to write my life.
Scrabble, carrer, chess, monopoly, deck full of cards.
This is the only way I launch.
Parliament Chief.
Gain the money and not the wife.
Ever wondered why integrity is not good.
All the promises of God are good but only me.
Twelve two third's.
Stick their left for us.
We will take this.
In the main time.
Tracing God.
Reinventing oneself.
He didn't like it but that's what my mother had to do.
School. Lubbock Place 3300. He said, He will take this.
Gratuity without gratitude is a mess.
This is the only way I could make it work.
Turtleneck. He didn't come out, he didn't have to.
Learning obscurity.
Gbo gbo atijo.
Break the will of the holy people.
The body also ran.
In sync with nature.
Time to let loose.
The doors were opened for selected people at selected times.
For me it is a not of time, it is a matter of people.
The only man that could come, for I so loved him.
Since the beginning of the world, people have been designated with special lot, I need a man.
The significance of the story.
1 hour in 24 hours.
Gold, are you cooking.
Never read the newspaper in the restroom.
He still has his first paycheck.
Love can be kind.
Fraud is nor resourceful.
Everybody has to make.
Declaring the end in the beginning.
Redfern, this is my boyfriend.
God said you will call me.
I new Australia by reading the newspaper.
Let's join hands in strength.
Making choices? reality and perception.
This is whom I stand on.
Samar, they always double.
When He got to where He was going.
You were content to see them.
You knew the question and you knew the answer, reading beyond the meaning.
He came in the skin.
Kunle, ko do ba le.
Wo responsibility ti Washington wa gle le yi.
Guaranty Trust, never repeat.
They are always on both sides.
Since I found you, I found you.
Joseph, this is our oko long.
Give birth to wealth inside unity.
Fukuoka City Choir.
The man that had to make some very dangerous calls, clearly present with God.
Perceive beyond perception.
Love that knows no bounds.
No, you don't have to eat cloth.
If you don't have red choice.
Dide duro.
Sing a tune, and I will follow you.
Communication crossmatch.
The man that doesn't eat, why do they have him eating? They know that's the only thing he doesn't do.
The disposal of the pawns will expose the elected officers.
A period of great difficulty.y