Unknown to known.
Help me to anticipate.
The transistion from a dick head to a three piece plug is insufficient when I AM in need, as is the transistion from a single son in a three son family yielding to Newark call, My salvation must be done, if only you.
Home to see where you are up to.
Don't do it ... Return to compound.
Where are you going? We don't go to heaven, the greatness of God suffice man.
In God's inn we are one. In hoping you have a better life, I have a better life.
Lotowa.
Only Me may open you, the orange ass travelling NorthWest is a reward for obedience.
Parallel is worth while living, parallel have I lied.
You never know the will of a man unless you cloud his issues.
He left home, early.
Without no predecessor, no succession.
You take the cart home, you don't take it out.
Maintain My allowance.
The real medal is not given until the last day, thirty outings.
I am not without You and we're rightly anxious.
So I can give glory to You, I have been.
My majesty.
Movie, In my temptation, I stood for you.
In my usefulness, I pleased Christ, not an iota is given without Him.
Is the throat, that My will may be fulfilled, I have fulfilled you.
If you could count My blessings, I would forgive you.
In My instability, I stitch people that are Mine.
In My openess, I speak the language of men.
Plentiful is a mirage of Me.
The jewel of the nile is the dancing ground.
Cruel hate, cure love.
I couldn't eat the meal, I could Miss.
Fear, that I may come to you in myself and not in God; you will cross God and He will cross you, when you are ready.
In fortune telling I sought the help of God, believers offer the passing threshold.
In my might I fought a lion, a voice of a woman will stir the content of her husband.
In clapping my hands, I clap with you.
God woos us with His gifts, we woo God by our obedience.
Half given, half given.
You communicate My approval by approving Me; the mirror lost in the wilderness is a mirror of Me.
I wish I could carry the crowd, the crowd carried me.
Crocodile, croak or die, the slice of heaven.
If I should deny future generation where they should go, I have denied myself, never the less, I stand with you in uncertainty.
Roll your eggs.
In yet understanding, I have years.
Let Me find you, when you are hiding.
Pollen eggs.
You grow up in the multitude of people.
When do you take your own out, how do you take your own out? I take them out in My offering.
Green grass in accountability.
I might trolley you, rise East outward.
Frail, the percentage given, not to love, but to be loved.
In the dark ages, will the year of release be observed or we have to break-in? Forsaken, forgotten.
In the twinkling of an eye, you will all be absorbed.
His elect are the people in You.
A wise investment is orderliness.
Harsh is the weather when its cold, foreign climate, let me push or let me be moved, in worshipping God I stood for time, hidden is the past in me.
In difficiency, in maturity.
Five have I gathered not without a loss, sun, moon, star, father, mother.
Keep it under, above is difficult.
An evening worth spending is worth spending.
The handshake are grip.
Reconcilliation is not an after thought, in the event of a loss you calculate the obvious.
As you look at life, you look at you.
How do we observe your laws? You write them in your heart.
It is our hope that we find God in you as we find Him in our self.
In sorrow, I sorrowed with you.
The treasure of wickedness are My last favor in wicked men.
Formed out of salt into dust, in My leisure.
The veil is obvious, the rope is kind.
The birth of man happens in childhood, his formation occurs throughout adulthood.
In my lust, God built me, a family in famine.
How does God teach men? You will ask what I have given you, the gift of life.
I must return to my alloted.