We are going to the championship.
Couples rarely changes faces.
Re-orientate on neutral grounds.
Fix the collar, you have a man in need of a caring woman.
What do you share with the historic people? An anointing in Me.
The hair wonders.
Once in a lifetime their is a man who will love you not in dispute.
In dream their is contentment, in isolation their is visual partnership.
Harry ran in Arizona.
Tens in life.
It is always the missing part.
Little girls light the lamp not the candles, neighborly dialogue.
Run around in circles not in rounds.
A God of compassion compasses everyone.
The first office is an allusion to the new one.
Turn around not an existing time.
When the school age South African Jew sought courtship in Parramatta, I realized I was in trouble without the fine.
Reschedule the shuffle not the man.
God doesn't adapt people, He aboves all.
Fix the boy, find the man.
Innocently, I began, lastly I last.
Dream first, follow after.
Sheba's question were not absenty.
The bank boys melt means.
Carry the well water up and down, notice attention.
Down the lane is a church, down the church is a man.
Vegas opened shop on the way to heaven.
Face to face, concentrate, re-meaning.
Gay East.
Jealous lovers, sleep by side.
The forming man foams at the beginning.
Anger manages Me.
Car lots, necking parts, no auditoriums.
Seek no one, justify no one.
To save him the choice of posing outside, I pose for him.
In a box their is a man, in a man their is a box, open the lid.
Their are many ways to find a man, their is only way to find a woman, ask him, woman in him.
The Father above didn't choose us apart, He chose us arest.
Feed Me, love Me, honor Me, cheat Me.
Masturbate won't last.
Kindly rekindle the fire in Me.
Ease.
Shirt in, shirt out, the inside in Me.
Chopsticks is good, pace.
Thank you, edible, no undercuts.
Numerals, cukoo.
Thank you, Oya wole Mi.
The Word means a lot of things to everybody, since you are dull of hearing.
Brown, grey, white, give God.
Tee of the cup.
The love for money is the lust for life.
Hate or love, kindly.
In our mindet is a God, in our love is a life.
Kindly LORD let me see the blessing in you.
Carry the load, the lorry carries you.
Pass the baton, the ideal lady in your life is a lady that will let you take a back seat.
Useless lives rarely meet.
Approve or decline, gracefully.
Crosswords, slip, sleep, slide.
You know you are together, thank God their are no responsibilities to damage the chances.
Straight, tomorrow.
It is a pity to continue hosting God without heaven.
You don't call God home when you don't have a home.
Deliverables, ables public usage.
Package off the shelf products, no fallings.
His eyes were not dim, nor were his vision inspired.
Keg, peg at reasonable.
A nation in perpetual shame.