Practice good, guiding your feet towards righteousness.
Prior to the strain in the relationship, you have some good water.
Choosing carefully you chose God, choosing wisely you chose Me.
First installation, famous ever.
Step aside while I am watching.
No exclusionary. If its good with the forces then its good for you.
What is the benefit of eating this food? The chicks in it.
Bail out, fluctuates, name of the man, issue the bonds.
Dually you offer none, fixedly you offer all.
Greater is the god in you than in me ... searching for a soul.
Pass the prime of his age, he sought a god at ease.
What's the menu for today? summertime so long.
Seven two is a round number without a hole.
Critics rarely lose when they are running in advance.
Deal, lead. The first and fourth letters are interchangeable, the second and third letters are redeemable. The difference between 56 and 65 is nine.
The difference between the meals is not the same as sitting down and eating alone.
The gold base is the necklace.
Frequent users need life.
Freedom is mine, forgiven is yours, seven years of slavery, two years of solitude.
Predestined is our lifetime, pruning saves the rest.
Save the allowances, save the church.
Nearly is Me missing in you, When I am doubt, and when I am in evil.
Mirror the points, decide your angle of projection.
Evangelism is the best gospel. David waited ten days for Abigail.
Simple, when you are on the right path.
Audit the changes, vary the approval.
You fall in love when you are watching.
Is their sufficiency? Land.
Admiring God.
Toolset, touch the poles.
Birth control without separation.
Zacharias, Elizabeth, Mary, Joseph, Peter, James, John, Andrew.
Youth labors in vain when its not rewarded.
Escort the web.
In redemption you have life.
With honesty you build houses. With honesty you build home.
Learning by thought.
When hate betrays you, promise the Lamb.
Simulate your relationship with God by addressing the people He wants.
What is inside of you matters when you are looking inside, seldom do you find the inside man in an outside person.
In the days of my life, I found God. In the hope of my life, I found you.
I only work at night, when I am example.
When you are talking to me, you are telling me truth. Gainsaying is man's misdeed.
Show me the pieces, and I will find you the man.
Toe life gently, since I am with you.
Who you build a house.
A bit further.
A lasting audience.
When something is missing in your life, I can fill in the blank; and when something is missing in my life, you can fill in the blank.