2020-08-25T10:15:00
26 years' experience with SQL, using database like Microsoft Access, Oracle, Sybase, Watcom SQL Anywhere, Omni Gateway, Informix, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM Db2, MySQL.

I wrote 2 Master's theses on distributed database and client/server.

My Doctoral Dissertation, Mobile Intelligent Memory (MIM), was on smart card and flash memory.

At Reel.com, where I was the lead Database Administrator (DBA), the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) asked me to do Internet traffic analysis with SQL Server and WebTrends and build Datawarehouse; I did load stress performance tuning, replication, and change deployment.

At Loan Performance, I migrated from dBASE to SQL Server.

I have experience using C# and JavaScript to access MongoDB.

From: Elizabeth Sierra <Elizabeth.Sierra@InsightGlobal.com>
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 4:17 PM
To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com <kenadeniji@hotmail.com>
Subject: URGENT: MongoDB Developer Job Opportunity
 

Good morning Ken!

 

I just left you a voicemail and wanted to introduce myself via email as well.  I came across your resume today and feel your skillset matches several mongo developer positions our clients have open.

 

I am one of our local technical recruiters and would like to speak with you in more detail later today.  I can be reached at the number below.

 

Description: Insight Global is seeking a MongoDB Developer for a major financial client sitting in Chandler, AZ. The group is working on an existing project/applications, migrating SQL servers to MongoDB building web application on top of mongodb database with java/ j2ee application layer. This individual will come from a background with 5 years of experience utilizing NoSQL and 3 years of experience developing MongoDB. On a day to day basis this person will develop MongoDB and API prototypes and proofs of concept, assist developers in detecting performance problems using MMS and Mongo Profiler. Design and develop building a reusable REST API model/framework to consume data from and/or push data into MongoDB (or similar technology). This person will have in depth knowledge of modeling/architectural patterns, governance methodologies, and potential limitations within MongoDB. And must be able to comprehend and translate business requirements into technical specifications and build efficient and scalable solutions based on specifications.

 

NOTE- Due to the COVID-19 outbreak and North Carolina being one of the states under a state of emergency, my office will be working remotely. Please contact my cell as listed below.

 

Best,

 

Elizabeth Sierra | Recruiter | Insight Global, LLC

704.357.3177 Office | 770.827.3674 Cell

201 N. Tryon St | Charlotte, NC 28202

Elizabeth.Sierra@insightglobal.com

 

signature_1781194843

 

Insight Global is proud to partner with OneWorld Health.

Visit www.insightglobal.com/eyesopen to learn more.

 

OWH+IG_Logo v3

 

 

 


"To learn more about how we collect, keep, and process your private information, please review Insight Global's Privacy Policy " 