2020-07-27T12:44:00
Skills
	
Years Of  Experience
Started working in 1986, as a computer tutor.
	
Current

Courts and/or Criminal Justice Organizations experience
My first job in Australia, was at the Headquarters Military Training Common, Suakin Drive.	
I interviewed, and developed database and .NET web application for Julie Planchon. Superior Court of California,Contra Costa County.

case management system Experience
I have designed with Rational, Unified Modelling Language (UML) and S-Designor database reverse engineering.
I  consulted with Case Corporation.

Experience with Material Design frameworks
At my first consulting contract role, we used an home-built framework, internal; with Oracle relational database, Watcom SQLAnywhere, and Powersoft PowerBuilder.
As the first consultant of Powersoft, Australia, I built Client/Server graphical user interface(GUI) application.
The relation at a language.

Case Management Integration experience
	
I have used Microsoft Visual Studio, Integrated Development Environment (IDE).
At Ohlone College, I used International Business Machine (IBM) Eclipse to develop Java applications.
 
RESTful services in .NET (C#) experience
I have experience with Microsoft web services (.ASMX) for building server-side Asynchronous JavaScript XMLHttpRequest (AJAX) applications.

web based user interfaces experience
For the last twenty years, I have used Hypertext Markup Language (HTML).
To a later, years of experience, Javascript and Cascading Stylesheet (CSS).
I also have experience with XML, XSLT, and XSL.	
I have used Google's Angular, Facebook's React.

Configuration and deployment of developed services experience
I have experience with Cross-Origin Request (CORS).	

Technical design documents 
During my Masters study, I wrote thesis for Distributed Database, Client/Server.
In my doctorate programme, I wrote a dissertation; that gained me, a doctorate candidate.

Education : (Mention here)
Mentioned above.

From: Afan Shay ashay@faazconsulting.com
Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 4:17 AM
To: Ken Adeniji (Indeed) kenadeniji5_mah@indeedemail.com; KenAdeniji@hotmail.com KenAdeniji@hotmail.com
Cc: Aimee Lee aimee@faazconsulting.com; Fatima Akhtar fatima@faazconsulting.com
Subject: Re: Indeed: Ken Adeniji applied for Case Management System Integration and Development Specialist
 

Hi,

I am Afan Shay, Talent Acquisition Consultant – Recruitment at FAAZ Consulting LLC.

I found your profile on one of the job boards & looks like it's a great fit for:    

Position Title: Case Management System Integration and Development Specialist

Location: Santa Clara County, CA

Position Type: Contract – 1 year (Will be Extended)

Visa Status: Any 

If this is something of your interest, please reply with your updated resume and provide the following essential details, also find detailed job description as below: 

Please fill in the Skills (Matrix to proceed further:

 

Skills
	

Years Of  Experience
	

Current

Courts and/or Criminal Justice Organizations experience
	

 
	

 

case management system Experience
	

 
	

 

Experience with Material Design frameworks
	

 
	

 

Case Management Integration experience
	

 
	

 

 RESTful services in .NET (C#) experience
	

 
	

 

web based user interfaces experience
	

 
	

 

Configuration and deployment of developed services experience
	

 
	

 

Technical design documents 
	

 
	

 

Education : (Mention here)
	

 
	

 

 

Background:

We are seeking the services of a person or entity with expertise working with Courts and/or Criminal Justice Organizations and Systems that can provide Database Administration, Case Management Integration, Analysis and Development services. 

Ability To: 

·         Create RESTful endpoints for integration needs between solutions and our Odyssey case management system. Any RESTful services must be developed in .NET (C#) 

·         Create .NET (C#) backend and middle tier services. 

·         Build visually appealing web based user interfaces using the Angular and Material Design frameworks. 

Work Product Expectation: 

·        All services developed must be performant. 

·        Agreed upon use cases must be completely tested and validated. 

·        Technical design documents must be provided. 

·        All source code and/or database scripts developed under this agreement will be court owned and must be worked on (and checked-in) out of the courts source code repository. Any use of source code, plugins or services not owned by the court, will need to be mutually agreed to before their usage in court projects. 

·         Configuration and deployment of developed services will be in three environments (stage, test and production). 

·         When asked, End-user documentation will be provided.

·         Resolution of any defects/bugs pre and post production.

 Work Style Expectation: 

·         Weekly development meetings will occur (at a minimum) weekly via video conference calls using the Courts standard video conferencing platform (Currently MS Teams) 

·         Onsite visits when necessary

In case you are not interested, I would appreciate it if you can pass on the opportunity within your circle.   

Looking forward for your instant response     

On Mon, Jul 27, 2020 at 1:07 AM Ken Adeniji (Indeed) kenadeniji5_mah@indeedemail.com wrote:

    Indeed
    Ken Adeniji applied

    to your Case Management System Integration and Development Specialist job in Santa Clara, CA
    	
    	

    Act fast! Candidates are most responsive within 3 days of their application.
    Reply on Indeed
    	
    Call
    	
    Reject
     
     
    Ken Adeniji

    Santa Clara, CA
    Resume Icon	

    View Resume

    This link is shareable and sign in is not required
     
    Screener questions

    How many years of • Technical design documents experience do you have?
    	

    35 Years
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of web based user interfaces experience do you have?
    	

    21 Years
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of Case Management Integration experience do you have?
    	

    1 Year
    	

    Your requirement: 6 years

    How many years of • Configuration and deployment of developed services experience do you have?
    	

    1 Year
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of Angular experience do you have?
    	

    1 Year
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of • Create RESTful endpoints experience do you have?
    	

    20 Years
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of Courts and/or Criminal Justice Organizations experience do you have?
    	

    1 Year
    	

    Your requirement: 6 years

    How many years of RESTful services in .NET (C#) experience do you have?
    	

    20 Years
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of Material Design frameworks. experience do you have?
    	

    0 Years
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years

    How many years of case management system. experience do you have?
    	

    1 Year
    	

    Your requirement: 5 years
     
    Message

    No message was submitted with this application.
     
    Start the conversation

    Use a quick reply email template to let them know you're interested.
    	
    Are you still interested?

    Find out if they want to discuss this job further
    	
     
    	
    Does this commute work for you?

    Ask about the location and commute options
    	
     
    	
    I'd love to chat. When can I call you?

    Tell them you're very interested in connecting
    	
     
     
    Documents
    Resume Icon	

    Resume - Ken Adeniji

    This link is shareable and sign in is not required

    Manage candidates from your phone with the Indeed Employer app.
    	
    	
     

    © 2020 Indeed.com

    Indeed, Inc. | 6433 Champion Grandview Way, Building 1, Austin, TX 78750

    Privacy Policy  |  Terms  |  Help
    Suspect spam or fraud? Report this message to Indeed     
    By replying or using an indeedemail.com email address, you agree that this email will be processed and analyzed according to the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.



-- 

Regards,

	
Afan Shay
 
Talent Acquisiton Consultant | FAAZ Consulting
 
P: 301.360.4365 x 103 | M: 301.458.8824
W:  www.faazconsulting.com | E: ashay@faazconsulting.com
A: 1765 Greensboro Station Pl St 900 McLean VA 22102

