2021-03-19T15:09:00 ... 2021-03-19T16:09:00

Shameka Bailey

Oscar and I, spoke on the night of 2021-03-18T00:00:00, and listed below are the comparisons and contrasts, Oscar brought up:

Oscar said that when he asks for a blow job, Shameka says, she does not want to be asked, she will give a blow job, when she wants to.
	When we make love, there is no instance of two alike.
	Both of you, have to join together, in fulfilling one another's need.
	In Australia, 25-years ago, when I was still sexually active, the two separate women, I was dating, will give me blow job, as part of the foreplay.
	My last girlfriend stopped giving me blow job, when I said, I was re-locating back to the U.S.
	Men enjoy blow job, but so do women, when I lose my erection, I have asked women to give me blow job.
	Missionary position will suffice, in a loving relationship, so will 69.

Oscar said that there are schedule conflicts.
	My last girlfriend and I, only saw on Thursdays evening.
	I was working working, and she was going to school, while living with her parents.
	We spoke on the telephone during the week.
	Shameka is busier than most other people, let her initiate the communication and visits.
	When relationships first start, there is sexual attraction and making love is the high point.
	The time spent, with you alone; is me alone.
	Oscar is by himself, and Oscar wants to extend his relationship.
	Shameka has a son, father, siblings, friends, and customers.
	How we build the bridge to us forming one another?
	The retention of the present is our realization.

We each fulfill our need, when we exercise our need.
Relationship have built me; I am not apart, unless I realize, I am one of us.
That you want one another is the bargain; that you release one another is the fortune.
No common love are the same; except you are founded in one.
What do you want from Oscar; how are you accountable to Oscar?
I don't just don't want to be one of the women?
To all you bring; I am absolutely yours
What I will want to be; is who ever, is receptable to me.
The extent of our relationship, is how we permit it.
Sharing together is joining together.
Both of you have had sexual intercourse; is there more, for you and I?
The course of exchange, is how permanent, our relationship are.

Do we grant favor as a sex, do we conduct love as a beginning?
Can one of us, be part of us?
Living as a past distance; is never fulfilling as an extension of it.
Where God is sufficient, as the realization?
How I permit myself; to who I will be?
You have started to think alike, when you are joined alike.

My employment as an improvement of myself.
Shameka, what do you, want to do for us?
Oscar, who else is finding you.
The love of guidance; is how accurate, we are the same.

To a home, that begins at forming itself; that is where, I am alike.
Taking nothing and disposing it, as everything.
Here I start, here I begin; I am never, an extension, of everything else.
Here is my life; is never as the beginning; as everything else.

I don't bring people; I bring, I make.
What follows the word; is how personally, you use it.