https://onedrive.live.com/view.aspx?resid=7E5687DDD38D9E13!130&ithint=file%2cdocx&authkey=!AgIzghvRuMZ0UXg
2021-10-30T15:44:00 ... 2021-10-30T15:51:00
Clemency Letter

Great Morning Governor Cooper,

My name is Karen Jackson , I used to be Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji girlfriend,

Mr.. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji and I used to date at the same time him and Miss Shana Rorie used to date unfortunately.

Yes Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji and I had a few misunderstandings but none ever to have made me feel threatened .

Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji was a great boyfriend that was a great boyfriend not only to me but also was a great father figure to my kids.

Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji and I where dating at the same time he was dating Miss Shana Rorie and I unfortunately did witness a few times Miss Shana Rorie had used the system to lock Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji up a few times .

Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji had also being arrested from my home once because Miss Shana Rorie had found out where I was staying and knew that Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji was staying with me at that time and yes I had previously called Miss Shana Rorie to tell her that I was interested in dating Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji and I strongly do believe in it that she had Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji arrested from my home out of spite .

I later on did find out that Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji was always getting locked up because Miss Rorie had a restraining order against Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji which was always used against Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji whenever Miss Shana didn’t get her way because I knew Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji was still seeing Miss Shana Rorie at the same time he was seeing me .

My reason for writing this letter to you Governor Cooper is to plead with you to please grant Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji a clemency for any charges involving Domestic Violence charges

against him by Miss Shana Rorie based on the fact that I was a witness to Miss Shana Rorie’s abuse of the system against Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji .

I have dated Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji for over 18 Years and not once did I experience domestic violence character from him apart from being a great father figure to my 3Kids most especially to my son who is in the Military.

I do remember when my son was 6 Years of age and used to be upset waking up in the morning and would not want to go to School , crying every morning not to want to go to School and Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji used to be the one to make sure that he went to School by consoling my Son every morning he was around at my home.

I do also remember my Son asking about Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji because we hadn’t seen him in a long while ?

It did hurt me to tell my Son that Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji had been locked up in Jail once again knowing it was Miss Shana Rorie that had locked him up again because Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji was with me.

Definitely do hope that you do please consider my plea to you and grant Mr. Oscar Adedayo Adeniji the Clemency request.

