2021-06-11T11:13:00 ... 2021-06-11T12:04:00
Subject: Re: Senior Software Engineer C# .Net - applied on Indeed
 
Hello,

Thank you for your interest in Noregon Systems, Inc. and our Software Engineer role! Our Software Engineers are making an impact on the industry that keeps us moving which is why we are looking for talent like you to join our growing team.

I have reviewed your resume and would definitely like to learn more about your background and experience. As the next step in the application process we ask that you complete our prescreen below and send back to me. Based on our assessment we will reach out to set up an interview.

Please let me know if you have any questions and I look forward to hearing from you soon!


Candidates Name: Ken Adeniji
Date: 2021-06-11T11:13:00
Candidate Name: Ken Adeniji
Date: 2021-06-11T11:13:00

General Questions:
1. This is not a 100% remote position. Although Noregon offers flexibility with hybrid/WFH scheduling options, our employees are required to com into the office as needed. Are you willing to relocate in order to commute to the office as needed. Our headquarters are in Greensboro, NC.
	Yes, I am willing to re-locate.
2. Have you applied and/or interviewed for a position at Noregon in the past? If so, which position and when?
	No, I don't recall applying nor interviewing for a position at Noregon in the past.
3. What is your salary requirement for the Software Engineer role? Please be specific.
	I mainly recall my contract rates, which are between $30 and $90 per hour.
	In Australia, I recall my first and last permanent full-time role, between $30,000 and $70,000.
4. What is your current employment status? If employed why do you want to leave your current position/company?
	Ever since re-locating to the United States, my role has mainly been has been as a Contract Consultant with Ephraim Tech.
	I am open to new opportunities. If and when, they come.
5. Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?
	In 2006, Granted United States of America (USA) permanent resident alien.
	I am a citizen of Australia, which offers me, employment in the USA.
6. Do you now, or in the future, require immigration sponsorship for work authorization (e.g., H-1B)?
	No.
7. If offered the position when would you be available to start?
	Immediately.
8. What do you know about Noregon Systems, Inc.?
	I have no knowledge of Noregon Systems, Inc.
Job Specific Questions
9. Why are you interested in this role?
	I have programed in .NET C# for the last 20 years.
10. Do you feel you meet the minimum requirements as stated in the position description? If so, why?
	I have programed in .NET C# for the last 20 years.
11. Please summarize your work history as it relates to the role.
	I have programed in .NET C# for the last 20 years.
12. What coding languages are you most familiar with? How would you rate yourself on each coding language 1-10? Please be specific.
	C#, 20 years.
	Javascript, 12 years.
13. Do you have any experience with multi-threaded programming?
	I have experience with AJAX and C# multi-threaded programming.
14. What are the three most important characteristics you are looking for in a new position/company?
	Anthony Roberts, the person who interviewed me for the Sybase/Powersoft role, said, he cannot ask me to stay, if I am not happy working for the company.
15. What are your team dynamics? Your role on the team?
	I mainly work as an individual contributor. I didn't grow up, in a family environment.
16. Describe the work environment or culture in which you are most productive and happy.
	I look unto others; to pass me their territory.
17. When could you start?
	Immediately.
18. What is your availability to interview?
	Immediately. One-day notice.
19. Please list your contact Information:
	Home Telephone: (510) 796-8121.
	E-mail Address: KenAdeniji@hotmail.com
	Home Residential Address:
		4762 Canvasback Common
		Fremont, California 94555	
20. Any additional comments you would like to add?
	To spread, as usual.	
Thank you,

Leigh Grimes
Director of Human Resources
Noregon Systems, Inc.
View message
No longer interested? Close your application for this job.
 
indeed
From Noregon Systems, Inc. regarding your Senior Software Engineer C# .Net application
Suspect spam or fraud? Report this message to Indeed     
By replying or using an indeedemail.com email address, you agree that this conversation will be processed and analyzed according to the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.