2021-09-05T05:46:00 ... 2021-09-05T07:48:00

To set in a part; apart from yours.
Could moving apart; separate us the same.
Wondering when we last met; will we adjust to time.
To wonder the completion of time; is to see you, ahead.
When I went forth; I gathered you alone.

The dream, never separate us apart.
A love that see the completion of you and I.
Living apart, shed no more.
Who you are; I make as I be.
Looking ahead, beyond the beginning.

To love, is to see, where I rest.
Faster again, never seeking the beginning.
May I wonder, where time, shook still.
Life sufficiency, never excludes, the favorite.
Those moving are me lone; those that stood still, are yours alone.

The journey so far ahead; never moves, the one behind.
To begin apart; is to share the remainder.
The love that gave you; is worthy of a person.
I have written; accepting is yours?
With one person, we are many.

The God that shares us; never excludes as many.
With time; our remainder sets.
No love; is better, never granted.
You have your life planned; many occasions, as the same.
The love that threads; seem apart running.

Whose life, we begin; is never as new.
To a love that creates; there is time, after.
Needing opinion; where I sought.
A love that bounds; seems necessary as used.
If you don't need it; God is not mightily in purpose.

Sharing the personnel; of a life, after.
This I have granted; the passage of my means.
We all need, I suppose; one is not excluded.
I don't know how to make it; I can make it, as you.
Time meets, no life, is apart.

The love that creates, knows its origin.
The rest of us; is never as certain; as the use of us.
If you needed the same; where is the complement of time?
I know what comes out; is who retains.
How I am as a person; is how my life, after.

With my ears, I can seem the rhythm of your tongue.
Love making; is outmost, how I feel.
When obstacles are few; one is never relaxed.
Could you bring beyond?
I have left my part; it is you alone, I see.

What choice, for our comparison.
You could read, where the light shines.
To wish one part; is suitable as the rest.
Only life begins; where life rest, is not where I know.
The love for a better instrument of myself.

Can we bring one; as the other?
Can the love for time; stay as the same?
With one, we are the same; with you, I am no other.
I can not appraise, what love, I have found.
With knowledge of the past; we abstain the same.

We all have darkness; the choice is where, it lights.
I can't stop growing; when I am in, between the two.
I am in, and there is no excluding out.
With you, I bring, where I know; not where, I cease to know.
My share, is where I feel my presence; your share, is the life that remains.

I am hundred percent accurate; not less, without you.
Let us begin, a new day, as yesterday; tomorrow is our gratitude.
All this I can show; doing it, as myself; is no better without you.
The love of yesterday; is the granting of tomorrow.
The choice, I live; is the here, I bring.

You helped me see; in a later day.
The world, will only realize its dream; when we are apart.
I can accompany tomorrow; if there is today.
The man that brings all; is never abstain of none.
It is my tale for you; not my life, in replacement.

How He appears; is how, He is forever known.
The women, I have slept with; the lives, I have awoken.
With no time past; there is no sharing of the rest.
When we see God; do we see, our time, apart?
With creator of time; there is no separate, as the beginning.

We can create life; if we are never apart.
You asked for me; I am no means, without you.
You sought for one; there are multiple not divided.
I may not be for you; but life, is not entirely for one.
A little season; is never rewarded as the beginning.

The light you bring; I cannot run away from.
All you brought; is what I seek for.
I can't be without alone.
What you want; is what you can influence?
To a love that talks; here is my means of hearing.

No one brighter than the rest; is no one according to the same.
The love we share; will never surrender to the rest.
There are many ways to share a story; the high point, is who reads it?
As God as made; as man as followed.
Can life, pass its view? Can the world, seem knowing of its word?

Where has my talk began; where will it last?
Who understands the feeling of a presence?
Where will I take you; if love never bounds?
There are many reasons, to see LORD, as our beginning, as no end.
With giving me away; where is the taker?

It is compulsory, we share life, as one of ourself.
Where is God absent; from rewarding?
With life, I breathe; with you, I solicit, the reason for living.
When I fail; it is not only I?
With you accompany me; the changes, ahead?

It is you, I feel with me.
It is yours, I am accepting.
It is yourself, that never divides me.
Years matter, if time never changes.
It is the yield that pertains the two.

