2022-05-27T10:00:00 ... 2022-05-27T11:07:00
Data Scientist OR Software Engineer (Remote) Remainder
http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2022-05-27T1000SubjectDataScientistOrSoftwareEngineerRemoteRemainderRyanBranstetter_CernerCorporationHR@gmail.com.txt

Ryan Branstetter
Cerner Corporation
mailto:CernerCorporationHR@gmail.com

Subject: Re: Data Scientist OR Software Engineer (Remote) Remainder.
 
Dear Ken Adeniji,

Thank you again for your interest in employment at Cerner Corporation.

Please find below Screening test/Interview Questions for the Screening/Interview process of Data Scientist OR Software Engineer Keep in mind that there are no ‘right answers'.


1.  Are you currently employed? I am currently working on my doctorate.
2.  Will you be able to devote 20 to 40 hours of your time weekly for Cerner Corporation? I am available fulltime.
3.  What qualities and skills should a good Data Scientist OR Software Engineer have? Attentiveness.
4.  What are the important categories of software? Backend versus frontend. Client/Server versus Internet.
5.  What advice would you give to a new team member? Mature your proof-of-concept and work on mature product. What’s the best way to onboard a new hire? Guage their interest and guide them as wise.
6.  What is the main difference between a computer program and computer software? Program is a traditional name that is associateable with waterfall sequence programming. Software is more broad-based and the opposite of hardware, the industry trend is to move towards software.
7.  Describe the software development process in brief: Lifecycle, waterfall versus object-oriented technology or unified modeling languaue or process. Analysis, design, build, test, document.
8.  In the software development process what is the meaning of debugging? Find error, correct.
9.  How can you make sure that your code is both safe and fast? Test for correctness and stress.
10. Name two tools which are used for keeping track of software requirements? Rational Rose for modeling. RequisitePro for gathering requirement.
11. What is the main difference between a stubs, a mock? A stub is to build skeleton like function and method names, without declaring the body, call a function and pass dummy parameters. A mock is more of proof-of-concept and fleshing, this is where I am going, can you fill it out. Performance and correctness are still being worked-out.
12. What is computer software? Without the concrete, physical part.
13. Tell me about yourself and your last job? http://KenAdeniji.WordPress.com
14. According to you, which SDLC model is the best? Object-oriented, an improvement on waterfall.
15. Who is a software project manager? Manages the deliverable. What is his role? Bring the team together.
16. How to find the size of a software product? Issue the dir on the command-line. Use the Windows Explorer. Use the task manager. What resides in the memory pool and caching.
17. What are software project estimation techniques available? Microsoft Project for the development timeline. Stress testing. Use software to count the line of code.
18. What are the first things you would check in a legacy system that has frequent downtime? Memory utilization, error log, debug, aging, did code trickle-in?
19. How do you stay up-to-date with changes in technology? For example, do you ever attend seminars or contribute to open source software projects? Visit bookstores and libraries, attend workshops and tradeshows, Internet search-engine browsing.
20. How do you meet tight deadlines? Tell me about a time you completed great work under pressure. Focus, at Diagaku Honyaku Center (DHC), I met the 3 months, 90 days, president demonstration timeframe evaluation.
21. What type of software have you worked with? Operating System - Microsoft Windows, and Linux, Sun Solaris. Database - Microsoft SQL Server, MongoDB. Browser - Firefox. Web Server - Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) and Apache. Integrated Development Environment (IDE) - Microsoft Visual Studio, IBM Eclipse. How much will you request per hour if you are hired? Market negotiable.
22. DUTIES: Developing software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards & programming. Can you handle all of these duties effectively? Yes.



The Screening test/Interview Questions are designed to gauge your skills and give us an idea of how you approach tasks relevant to the Data Scientist OR Software Engineer role.

You are required to write back your answers between now and 6pm today 05/27/2022.

Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you have any questions.

Best of luck with the test, Your interview follows immediately today or tomorrow.

Ryan Branstetter
Human Resources
Cerner Corporation.

