When one spread, those are so alike.
Like the resemblance of the sun, the shine must spread.
Missing someone as myself.
The love after is what substain, the latitude before.
Standing in a ready made refination,

Perhaps time after, is the substainance I need.
When one stand, He is never apart.
Coming I feel, tomorrow.
This love will never imagine its last.
There our love matters, never spread apart.

A angel of our beginning, is what I realize, is me.
I don't have much to share, much of myself, is what I realize in you.
Bringing someone, as a partiality, the same of us.
With one bringing himself, the two, will never decline.
How I realize my life to be, is how I share it at will.

With love that never separate, time is spent.
What I bring is a reminder of me.
He spoke, there I listen; you spoke, there I will.
No matter the rest; this beginning, I share.
With love that spread us apart; with time, that never forsake.

What utility of the past, is the enlightment of the beginning.
I come from a family, this family I bring.
No reminded of the same, is the life I share.
With one reminded of the present; there is time, tomorrow.
With life, felt alike.

I need to join my part; with the rest, I move.
Talking the same message; feeling the same life.
To a world, we merge.
With life, encounter our past; with love, see our beginning.
Who ever is the same; he retains his best.

I must do a me, including you.
A time spent, is the life, I lived.
I bring away.
What is suitable, that I live.
What is realization, of my dream, without you?

You have shared yourself, this is my past, I live.
We share love at the beginning, we share life as the rest.
Who so life I choose; is the life, I live.
No life, without appending.
Your life will bring, as many as I live.

We reason, as our mind alludes.
We seek the fulfillment of our future.
This meeting me, is the time, we share.
This I like to do, as you are presently in me.
No matter the time, this will forever be with you.

This life bring, is the fruition of us.
As a person, I bring of myself; with you, you bring of me.
This is our past, ahead.
I have lived, I have seen life, lived through me.
I could I, bring life, as a remembrance?

Could one period of life, enlighten the rest?
All the talk, seeming without you, is seeming without me.
When does God talk, as I listen?
Will our join, prove the distance?
I will feel me, reminded of the future.

When so much, is so giving.
What does time, not shine?
Our world, in our lives.
Our dream, in our share.
Our course, so much joined alike.

All the world, I share; is the word I lived.
When at a time, I bring one of Myself; is when I lived as one of you.
To a love that grants, when it is accepting.
With both of you, I Am one of you.
I feel one, perhaps of Me.

Will we bring life as our beginning, or will we bring death as our reminder.
To be present alive; is to see, where I have bring life.
When God searches for a present, He sees the beginning.
To a life that compares where I Am; is where it sits where I will be.
I begin to write, when I begin to share.
