http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2023-01-09T1450jana.jensen@10xgenomics.com_(801)367-8810_6230StoneridgeMallRoad_Pleasanton_California(CA)_94588.txt
2023-01-09T14:50:00
Sorry you weren't able to hear me well on the phone today.
If you could please answer yes or no to each of the job duties below,
to let me know whether you have over a year of experience with each,
that would be great. 

2023-01-23T16:15:00
Just wanted to follow up on the email below. If I don't hear back by Wednesday, January 25, I will go ahead and withdraw your application from our system.

Let me know, thanks!

-Jana 

2023-01-24T21:10:00 ... 2023-01-24T22:06:00
    Responsible for working with software developers and testers to identify requirements?
		At Reel.com I was the lead Database Administrator (DBA) and I worked with the QA person
		in configuring the database and writing stored procedures for the stress tool.
		At Daigaku Honyaku Center (DHC) I migrated from FoxPro a 5th generation 
		database programming language to an Intranet .NET, C#, SQL Server.
		I worked with the QA person and the Technical Writer,
		who were both business and technically adept.
    Develop test plans and test cases for new and existing products?
		I have experience with Python Selenium, ValidateJS, numverify.com, and 
		Bertrand Meyer's Design by Contract (DbC).
    Support development of automated test cases?
		I used to develop server-side web forms, until Microsoft migrated to MVC;
		to bring more automation, interactivity and support tools integration.
    Contribute to existing automation and incorporate automated testing into a continuous integration system?
		Asynchronous JavaScript XMLHttpRequest (Ajax) makes obsolete previous debugging tools.
    Identifying and supporting deployment of hardware and cluster configurations necessary for testing?
		I come from a computer engineering background with distribution and replication practice.
    Ensuring automation repo and test-suites are functional at all times?
		My speciality is development but I have expertise in all the lifecycle phases.
    Performing exploratory instrument testing on new/existing products at both hardware and software area?
		I am competent with both hardware and software.
    Evaluating/updating existing test plans and test cases?
		Irrespective of when I join a team, I will fill in the gap.
    Planning testing in collaboration with cross functional teams?
		As a knowledge contributor, I will become part of a team.
    Monitoring and reporting software issues across multiple projects and platforms?
		I fully understand that checks and balances must be put in place to observe the working condition.
    Working with software support to help resolve customer issues?
		Right from my first work as a tutor at Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC),
		and through my consulting with a software vendor Sybase/Powersoft,
		I vigorously look for faults and solutions.

Please also confirm if you have the following experience:

    One (1) year of experience with programming language Python or equivalent? Yes. 
    One (1) year of experience with Embedded Systems? Yes.
    One (1) year of experience with automated testing tools? Yes.
	
To be as part of one is to be as part of many.
To be apart from separation?
Where are you secluded to the code?

How do you check correlation with the word?
Who can we improve life with?
We are drawing to a stop?
Can life tell us apart?

What brings you ... as time?

Feeling as keeping someone else.