http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2023-08-28T1719JulieKittridge_Julie@180engineering.com_IllinoisToolWorks(ITW)_DallasTexasTX.txt

With every passage of time, I declare more of My intention.
That we should be alike as I have chosen.
That removing you from Me ... is not clearer as intended.
In all good provison ... man stood nearer as intended.
With time moving ... I Am so fast ahead.

We all demonstrate ... as we are not set apart.
Loving you ... is as closer as I have remembered.
The world will change ... but I'll ever be the same.
The world that reminds me of you ... is the world that will never set apart of me.
Your word ... I remember as kind of Me.

My intentions is not to set apart of you.
My love will never break our last.
Will love can surrender ... love will never be removed.
A part of history is the time ... I have chosen to live, ahead.
This is how I will like to be ... without you I will not necessarily be.

With kind of the way I have made ... I have not separated apart.
With unity there are bond.
When I write about you, I see you as part of Me.
When I lost the angels ... I sought man as My refuge.
This part of God ... is the rest of man.

How can one man ... be what He is rest to be.
The fulfilling of my part ... is when He is necessarily use.
What I am trying to say? Is how I write for Him in you.
I have lost my part ... not my inside.
A troubled world ... is not the privilege I have lived.

When will I develop ... what I need?
I cannot be part ... of what I have not prepared.
Will you see God in me ... or see the rest as you?
When will the wonderful be the same?
He has set you apart ... that you may the time set apart?

Moving a reality ... is a part of the persuasion?
As I happen to be part of you?
A world that collaborates the same ... is a world the same.
With our part ... we surrender as our life.
Holding you is seeing how close you are.

As we move, we are together
The love tries time ... it is dependent on its realization
This truth at the beginning ... is the love we have spoken to one another
My manhood is your womanhood
My love is what I am living in you

Once for life ... many for happiness
We all feel God is unhappy ... dead is not alive
So many years later ... I have chosen my life for a new one
How I love you is My progress
How your part is resemblance of your forever

With us there are time ... with God there is a part of Him
With us there are relationship ... with God there are seed
With us there are knowledge ... with God He is the Word
With us there are food ... with God He feeds on us being fed
With us there are no other person ... with God His life never take apart

This revelation is what I have seen with you
This word is not to be part ... when you are not present
I will go away ... but the scar will remain if you are away
I will love again ... why should I choose someone else
I am written for you ... that I may personalize you

Knowing the presence of life ... I have chosen to declare my love
Knowing the presence of deed ... I am not without you
Knowing the time in not sometime ... all the time your clock will tick in my life
Knowing it seems better ... my life will never go away.
Knowing time passes when we are never the same ... I have chosen where I will never pass

It seems I am living my life, again ... caught in where you will spread
It looks like I am creating a new life ... entirely for you
Your word is dear to me ... as I count
Your life is the wonderful gift, I have shared
Your saying keeps reminding me of my presence

With Noriko Yoshida when I am inside her ... it is not world that spreads apart
With Faith Yao when she speaks ... I will not interrupt, my word means nothing
With love there are no exterior ... only the lovers sees life as I
With God I have used all His gift ... not sparing my life
When you see love ... you bare the same

Each of life ... is love made
Life spreads anew
I will let you be life ... if I am not taken away from my life
You words create an undivided yielding for me
Each of life I need ... is life made in you

The creation of our time ... will never elapse
Our space will constantly be fulfilling
I was made ... that you should be part of me
I am together ... not without you
The world will say ... but all I will say ... is where I felt the rest

I will not be part ... of what is not without you
Your word is the luxury of time I feel
Sharing your love ... is the life I am not without
Knowing your love ... makes me who I am
I cannot say, there are no other women ... but I can say, you are the woman that draws me apart

I will search for love ... but I am not reminded of the course
I will seek a lover ... if my love for you is not sufficient
I will not for in love ... without liking all you have been
Liking the love ... is growing the love
Choosing where life separates ... is choosing where dead is time

