Fwd: Hi Kenny!

This message was moved to the Junk Email folder because you only trust email from senders in your Safe senders list. It's not junk
This message was moved to the Junk Email folder because you only trust email from senders in your Safe senders list.
Shameka Bailey baileyshameka2023@gmail.com
​
You​


Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

 From: Shameka Bailey baileyshameka2023@gmail.com
 Date: October 14, 2023 at 1:27:39 AM EDT
 To: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
 Subject: Hi Kenny!

 ﻿Good Evening . I pray that all is well with you and your Brother Danny. Kenny I hope that you will find the time to read this and understand that I am not attempting to cause any uproar or issues.

 I just wanted to let you know before Oscar does a smear campaign with my name.

 And please don’t let him know I am communicating with you because he will be upset.

 Oscar and I have been attempting to work on things but it seemed to be getting worse. I’m sure you were aware that we separated in May and I’m sure he didn’t tell you the entire story as to why. Because I was so in love with him , I kept going back. Foolishly thinking that he would try to improve just as myself.

 I decided that it’s best we part ways permanently as I told him today. I can’t compete anymore. Two Fridays ago I lost my debit card at his home because I was there for almost a week. I left go back home but had to stop at the phone store for my new phone. I told him that I would call when done but I was stuck at the phone store for hours. He said to call when I got home but he ended up calling me first. I told him I would call him once I’m out of the store. I Got home and still had no service to call Oscar. Once I finally got my phone turned on which was about 4 hours later I called him to let him know I didn’t have my debit card.

 I called him several times because I needed my debit card to get gas and some other things. I called several times before getting to his home so I drove to his home to see if he could let me search for the card only for him to ignore my calls while I was outside. I knocked on his door and it took a while for him to come. Once he came out he quickly closed the door behind him.

 I asked him what was going on and I’d been calling back to back because I needed to get gas and didn’t have any money so I needed to check to see if my card was in the room.. He then attempted to start an argument with me, while I’m still standing in the porch. stating he was with his family and had sent me a text, which I didn’t get because I had just got the phone so of course I didn’t know how to check the messages as of yet.

 For approximately 5 min he stood outside attempting to start an irrelevant argument about “communication” when I simply told him that I just needed my card. So what is the hesitation about? Once again he attempted to argue after I simply asked can I please get my card. After so many attempts , he says “ You can go in if you want to” by this time I was done begging to get my debit card and got in my car and went home to avoid arguing with him.

 He told me his son and grandson were there which is no problem I just wanted my card to get gas. Or at least go and check the room for me even if you didn’t want me to come into your home.

 Because he hesitated to let me in, To me that was a clear sign that he didn’t want me there. i asked him “ Are you serious” afterwards I just left.

 He then called me while I was driving home and even when I tried to explain that I just wanted my card and he disconnected the call on me. At that point, I ignored his calls. He sent apology flowers trying to make up but the damage of being yet again a secret was already done.

 What man doesn’t let his woman into the home she just left a few hours ago?? Are we not in a whole relationship???

 I have not answered his texts or calls until yesterday when he told me he got the position for his job. I congratulated him on his new job. He then asked me to help him to go get the equipment.

 Can you imagine loving someone so much that even after getting rejected to look for your things in your partners home. I still told him i would help him, pick him up, and take him back.

 Even then after offering to help him, he still sends disrespectful texts trying to guilt me because I didn’t engage in that foolishness.

 As promised I went to go help him, I didn’t say anything to him when he got in the car, about what happened. When we got back from getting the equipment he asked me Was I still going to stick to leaving him. As I told him, I no longer can be with him because he continues to put people before me. He tried to talk about what happened that night and I got emotional because I’m Hurting and Frustrated that I keep giving to this man and still getting messed over. He tried to bring up a conversation about our intimacy instead of focusing on the issue at hand and I told him to stop Crying about it!

 And to focus on the current events that we are trying to resolve.

 I have taken him to his appointments when needed, give, give, give, sacrifice. Oscar says he has no one to call on, this is why he reaches out to me. But I see that Oscar only calls me when he is benefiting, and yet I’m stupid in love enough to keep running to his aid while he Deliberately tells me that he WILL not stop past my house even while in Charlotte. Even today while at work I know he needed the equipment and was low on gas and I was there for him.

 While in the car he attempted to talk to me and yes I did raise my voice because he always has me in this position of competing. And I’m tired of feeling used at his convenience

 He then later tells me that it was His Son, the baby and the Aunt.  So now I see why I was standing outside my boyfriends home and he would allow me to get my card , but instead starting an argument hoping I would leave and I did. Does this make sense what I’m saying??

 I’ve been at his home, for Days, helping with the dog, cleaning the kitchen, working from his home, helping with beer and cigarettes and liquor, lending cash here and there when I had it. Because I thought maybe if I keep my mouth quiet this time. We can avoid going through what happened in May.

 I finally decided enough was enough. I’ve been cheated on, lied to, hidden, I’ve been a secret, he has been physical with me and I have the pictures to prove it. The verbal abuse , mental abuse, emotional abuse and manipulation that I get from him is so destructive that I can’t believe how much I’ve allowed this man to try and break me.

 If I’m quiet and don’t say anything I’m wrong. If I express my concerns I’m wrong. I stopped reaching out to you because I didn’t want anyone else involved and knew it could possibly cause problems.

 I know I’ve said it before but I have never asked Oscar for a dime of his money, but yet I lend him mine. I have done everything in my power to adjust and appease this man. I’ve shut up, I’ve broken up with him, to give him his peace. I’ve come to stay with him per his request with my work items. I do literally everything this man asks of me only to be called out of my name because I’m tired of the abuse, I’m tired of the sacrifices and being walked on. The only thing Oscar had to do was let me in the door to find my debit card in his home. OR better yet, simply answered the phone to make sure I was ok. Since I never call back to back he should have known something was wrong.  That could’ve avoided me having to drive over there. I spent more gas going to the bank to get another card the next day.

 Do you see where I’m coming from. The issues that he puts me through are avoidable. If I stay I get walked over, If I leave to keep the peace , Im weak, I’m this and that.

 He told me he doesn’t have to answer his phone because he may be speaking with a family member and I respected that. But if I’m calling multiple times wouldn’t you think something was wrong Kenny??

 This is not love and I finally saw it for what it was last Friday.

 There should be no reason why a man should not open the door for his woman who was there just 4 hours ago from spending the entire week there. Why hesitate from letting me see Karen’s sister, or seeing your son. If I am the woman you prayed for. We were just talking about how well we were doing and marriage a week before that.

 But I no longer desire that from him. Oscar is an individual who is extremely vindictive, calculated and lies uncontrollably. I believe in my heart that he got upset because he didn’t want me to meet anyone associated with Karen.

 Oscar also has a problem with telling you all the truth. He skips so many things which is why I always tell him, be honest with people. Tell them what you did to make people respond to you the way that they do.

 Do you know I even sent him flowers for his Birthday and he told me he sent a text to his Ex Karen to show her. Why would any man send a photo to his ex of what his current girlfriend gifted to him. To make her jealous??? I’m not sure but even then I didn’t say a word.

 I didn’t mean to go into that entire spill. I am mentally and emotionally shattered to the point that my soul is literally damaged by this man. I loved him so much Kenny I wish that someone could hear my souls cry. I waisted my time believing that I could be a better woman, THAT woman for him, changing, helping , listening. evolving, still me and only me sacrificing and compromising and just trying to be a better person, only to allow him to keep coming back and playing with me.

 I’m not the same person I was when I met him. I’m not asking for sympathy, not empathy either. I just want to be heard for the last time. I loved him from a place in my soul that I can’t even verbalize and he has ripped it all from me.

 What do you do when you’ve exhausted all your options? I’ve done all I can to prove I was with him, and have always been there for him when not verbally abusing me for speaking up for myself.

 Once again, just for the record. I know only God knows what goes on in the heart of a woman. But I have to free myself from this unreciprocated love that I keep giving. I had dreams to marry this man. I have to now force myself to be out of love with him and force myself not to love him. Loving him HURTS and I need peace in my life. I don’t want to turn into a calloused cold hearted woman, so I chose to finally pick myself first.

 I really appreciated that you and the family were concerned about me the last time we talked. I stopped reaching out because of the shame and embarrassment that he and I kept bringing to ourselves.

 I know I will love Oscar for a long time to come and will take some time to heal from the wounds he and I gave each other. But heaven knows I was intentional with what I wanted from the beginning. He just kept proving with his actions that the feeling wasn’t mutual.

 My apologies again for this long drawn out email but you know I’m a woman and I have no one to vent to. I don’t discuss my relationship with my family because they can be judgmental and I don’t want to defame Oscars name or Character so I just hold it in and vent to you.

 Thank you for being so kind enough to hear me. I already know that Oscar will not accept or appreciate that I reached out to you. So if you could just please not inform him.

 Please keep me in your prayers for a total restoration of Mind, Strength, And Faith and for Oscar’s as well.

 Thank you

 Shameka

 Sent from my iPhone