http://matchstar.acemlnb.com/lt.php?x=3DZy~GDIKXCh6X76zd9IhBFu1H-njAT2kPc1YnfFUIOfDHB~zUy.0.hu3Y2hiN9vnuZAXXbEKnW

Hiring EA to CEO
MatchStar carolyne.connor@matchstar.com
​
You​

We have been retained to conduct the executive search for a new Executive Assistant / Chief of Staff (title depends upon experience). This position is remote. However, our client strongly prefers candidates that are located in the New York City area and can work East Coast hours.

Candidates must be able to prepare presentations, pitch decks, projection models, investor decks, etc. The new Executive Assistant must be a polished, professional communicator and writer who is able to communicate directly with high profile customers in addition to other prominent CEOs, investors, partners, etc. Must be comfortable presenting and communicating in-person as well as virtually.  This position will be the gatekeeper to the CEO.  Must know how to prioritize people, issues, etc.  Must be able to manage his calendar, schedule meetings, keep him on track and make sure he still has time for the important people and priorities in his personal life.  

Position reports to the Founder & CEO.  This is his most important hire. He needs someone to help him excel.  He is looking for someone to handle the day-to-day tasks so he can focus on new achievements. Currently, he runs five fintech businesses in various stages generating hundreds of millions of dollars yearly.  He has personally funded most of his companies.  He is always looking to make new investments, start or acquire new businesses. He is a very big thinker, always looking to evolve and learn. He is self-made and self-taught.  Never went to college.  He is crazy about learning. He optimizes himself daily. Reads a book a week. Needs someone who is also growth minded, always evolving, and trying to learn.  Need someone who is very curious, ambitious, and self-disciplined. He is very personable, thoughtful, strategic, direct, smart, fast learner and a good listener. Need someone who takes the initiative to go above and beyond to make things 10x better. He is always looking to improve and never settles. Always looking to improve themselves, the people around them, the organization, etc.

It will never be a dull moment working with him.  You will never learn more in any other role.  If you have an appreciation to work with the best of the best and learn from the best of the best, then please apply.


If you're interested in applying, PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY first, then send a follow up email if you want to provide additional information. This will get the quickest response!

We understand this role may not be the right fit for you. However, our business is run on referrals, and we hope to find YOU that great opportunity when the time is right. Please feel free to forward this email to anyone that might be interested. We would sincerely appreciate any assistance!

More information on the opportunity is provided directly beneath my contact info below.  Please let us know if you or someone else would be interested.  Information on all our open positions can be found on our website, www.matchstar.com.  

I really appreciate your consideration.

Sincerely,
Carolyne
Carolyne P. Connor, President           
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1 Research Court, Suite 450                        
Rockville, MD 20850
CONNECT WITH ME: www.linkedin.com/in/carolyneconnor        
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/carolyne-connor   
	
Tim Tonella, CEO
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1032 Irving Street, Suite 126
San Francisco, CA  94122
CONNECT WITH ME:  www.linkedin.com/in/timtonella
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/tim-tonella

PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


POSITION:  Executive Assistant / Chief of Staff (title depends upon experience).

LOCATION: This position is remote. However, our client strongly prefers candidates that are located in the New York City area and can work East Coast hours.

AVAILABILITY: The CEO splits him time between NYC and Miami and also travels frequently.  CEO usually works between 8am to 8pm EST.   Need someone that is very flexible, responsive, and easily accessible. You will be managing all the CEO’s calendars, meetings, travel, etc. so need to keep track of everything on a timely basis, regardless of if it is before or after your normal work hours or a weekend.  Need someone who is basically available 24/7.

COMPANY:  Currently, the CEO runs five fintech businesses in various stages generating hundreds of millions of dollars yearly.  He has personally funded most of his companies. He is always looking to make new investments, start or acquire new businesses.  He is a very big thinker, always looking to evolve and learn new things.  He is self-made and self-taught.

COMPENSATION: CEO is willing and able to put together the right package for the right person. CEO would like to know what you want to make and what is important to you.  Compensation will probably be between $150,000 to $250,000 annually (depending upon experience.) Compensation package includes base, bonus, and full benefits.  Need someone to be able to give at least a two-year commitment in this role. Opportunity for advancement for the right candidate. Company has a history of investing in the future of their employees.  CEO wants to hire someone who is motivated and confident in their ability to be successful in this role.

MANAGEMENT STYLE: Position reports to the Founder & CEO.  Currently, he runs five fintech businesses in various stages, generating hundreds of millions of dollars yearly.  He has personally funded most of his companies.  He is always looking to make new investments, start or acquire new businesses. He is a very big thinker, always looking to evolve and learn.  He is self-made and self-taught.  Never went to college.  He is crazy about learning.  He optimizes himself daily.  Reads a book a week.  He can become frustrated and irritated with people that don’t bother to double check their own work, take too long to long to figure things out, make up excuses, need to be told what to do or aren’t considerate of others. He is an inspiring leader, a good mentor, and a strong decision maker.  I've personally enjoyed working with this CEO for the last few years.  I can tell you that he is truly a really nice, personable and smart guy that has works very hard.  He is very smart, thoughtful, strategic, direct, curious, fast learner and a good listener. 



POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 

    Must have recent and significant experience as an Executive Assistant (or equivalent) reporting directly to either a CEO, Founder, Managing Director, President, COO, etc.

    In the first 90 days, you will need to figure out who the CEO is and get to know him inside and out.  You will need to perform this job at the highest level.  Moving forward, continually growing and providing more value on a day-to-day basis.  He does not want a robot.  He wants someone who is driven and ambitious with an optimistic entrepreneurial mindset.

    Must have the ability to do lots of things such as preparing presentations, pitch decks, projection models, writing investor decks, etc. Candidates must be extraordinarily skilled in all aspects of written and verbal communications.  Must have excellent writing, research, and analytical skills.  During the interview process, you may be asked to provide writing samples. MUST have someone who is fanatical about details and making certain that everything going out the door is perfect.  

    Must be a polished, professional communicator and writer that is able to communicate directly with high profile customers in addition to other prominent CEOs, investors, partners, etc. Must be comfortable presenting and communicating in-person as well as virtually.

    This position will be the gatekeeper to the CEO.  Must know how to prioritize people, issues, etc.  Must be able to manage his calendar, schedule meetings, keep him on track and make sure he still has time for the important people and priorities in his personal life. (He is an avid fitness enthusiast working out twice a day and he is very social.)  Help with travel arrangements, or anything that might come up. If he is going to be late or needs to reschedule a meeting, then you will need to be on top of it immediately so that customers, investors, partners, employees, etc. always have the best version of him and feel important to him.  He shouldn’t have to ask. Eventually, you should know before he knows what he needs and who he should meet with and when.

    Must have strong communications background and business acumen.  Bachelor’s degree required.  Post Graduate degree is a plus.  However, experience and curiosity is most important. The CEO never went to college.  He is totally self-taught.  He reads a book a week. He is always evolving, learning, very curious, and extremely smart.  He gets things done quickly.   Looking for candidates that are very smart, curious, quick learners, and always trying to evolve and improve themselves.

    Must be very punctual and consistently reliable.

    Must be extremely attentive to detail, highly organized, prompt, friendly, flexible, easy going, dedicated and able to perform duties with extreme accuracy and proficiency.

    Must have “Type A” personality. Must be very organized, disciplined, and intuitive.  Needs someone who is also growth minded, always evolving, and trying to learn.  Need someone who is very curious, ambitious, and self-disciplined. Need someone who takes the initiative to go above and beyond to make things 10x better. Someone who is always looking to improve.  Never settles. Always looking to improve themselves, the people around them, the organization, etc.    Looking for someone who knows how to just figure it out. 



PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!



PLEASE FEEL FREE TO SHARE THIS EMAIL:

Twitter       %SOCIALSHARE-GPLUS%       LinkedIn       Facebook



	
Carolyne P. Connor
President, MatchStar Venture Search
connor@matchstar.com
	
	
Sent to: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
MatchStar Venture Search, 1032 Irving Street, Suite 132, San Francisco, CA 94122, United States
Don't want future emails? 
Unsubscribe