This time will remind me of the present.
I have lived a life that I have performed in few.
This later life have proved the rest.
No wonder present is how I have searched, forever.
This period of life is wondering of the closer.

I have begin as few, as I am reminded of the future.
I ran as if forever.
I last as if I am forever.
As the world performing, there I am alone.
Always schedule as after us.

I won't want a present, tomorrow.
This life prove there is life after.
Available tomorrow is never promise...today is existense.
If I could keep tomorrow...there is my promise?
I look forever, if I am assure of tomorrow.

We all want one of another...this is my permanent lasting.
With love I am never removed from life.
With one keeping time...I search forever no more.
No associate of the difference.
Thinking I am few...is not sufficient of the after.

With you I found love...and everything else.
We all want a certain feeling as last.
With love our boundary as seem forever.
I am not separated as my feeling.
This I want forever more...if I am with you.

To complete life...is to not see the difference.
This yesterday...are not sufficient of tomorrow.
This is how it ought to be...if I am with you.
There is no removal from the past...as it is the present.
These two are made for tomorrow.

He provided all, I assisted all.
With money there are no duplicatecy.
With just me alone...there is no life after.
Always the present...is encounter of tomorrow.
This need for me...is how I am reminded of this need for you.

Could life, keep one of each other?
With one of another...who am I.
I don't see people as me...I see people as a result of me.
Where my love said so.
Who ever is present is my life.

Accepting the rest as gain.
We are alone...who is between us?
With love...there are suppose two.
With one...there are many of the same.
To one entire past...I am not forever.

We all need people...as the same if we are occurrence.
What I am wanting...is where I Am.
What you are wanting...is who you are.
This need for tomorrow...is how I search, today?
I started wanting the same as you...I Am the same as you.

What is personally life?
We must be able...to separate the rest...from the other.
What do I want of Myself...what do I want as a people?
With two...there are additional?
What does He want of Me...as Him?

With Me...there are contribution of such?
Where will we finish...balancing?
What is exact as you?
Not today...is not sufficiency of tomorrow.
What period am I lasting?

There must be a need for you...as Me.
Where is a place...where I can serve my future.
Where does He keep...as somewhere else?
What does He keep...as His own?
What reserve...do I have for tomorrow?

How will tomorrow...keep opportunity of me?
With world...their presence are known.
There is no void of the present.
This opportunity for two has pass.
With love there are passage of time.

What does He create an opening for?
What world is non-essential?
This I keep...reminded of time?
What does He associate...as the presence of My life?
With My word...stay as the same...as My companion?

I must be able...to associate the difference...as tomorrow.
Where will I find...who I Am?
What of Him...Am I exactly of?
The place cannot be remove...of its associate?
What exactly...move pass time.

I want the difference...as Myself.
Where does people...make a lot?
What are people...of our time?
What are His word as mine?
What words exchange the past?

How will I use Him of I?
What Am I...in the process of doing?
What do I have of you...of Me.
You must see yourself...as of the time.
What sum up My past...as time?

What brings up...as of Me?
What I have...is My use of life.
My words must stay the same as I.
What exactly...match Me?
Where am I a period...of my life?

What I have...is Me in existence?
I must continue my future as I.
There must be use...of my people...as me.
This I want of me...as I am of you.
We must compare our rest...as our after.

What I bring...is a life as I.
This word...provide my living.
What does He want as part of me...what does He want as remaining of me?
I must be able to bring...as after me.
To love, I suppose...is to see one of yourself.

What does it mean of me...as Him.
Where is my future...apart from Him?
Where do I keep on...being the same?
What do I bring...to realize My dream?
What of Me...is certain of You?

This I have of My word...in use in you.
When we are separated...who last?
Where can My future...be of Me?
Where do I use...what I have bring?
With love of the same...there are no boundary?

What I want...is My life after?
What I want of Myself...is where I Am in use in you?
How our word must not pass our time?
This is what you saw of you...this is what I see of Me?
Where My limits have not pass My life.

Where my story ever lives.
What I find useful...is Me.
What you make of Me...is your progress.
What we have of ourself...is how we use ourself.
What you have doing...is how you use My time.

I have what I have of life...what you have is your life.
What will complement is life...as I?
We are the people...we bring?
I have a life...as such as I.
We have history...as our part.

To keep on living...I must not be divided from living.
What I want of my future...as how I have made it.
Time is only opportunity of the two.
I have no regrets of the present...as I have no life after.
I am trying to be the same as me.

I want work...as part of Me.
These words are meant to say the same as I.
What I want...is living not except from me.
I have life...what I choose with...is My present.
I want tomorrow...provided with You.

We love...as others.
My part...is participative of the rest.
How I found out something new...is how I found out someone new.
We accept...similar as us.
What I have...is Me bringing existence.

What do I take of Me...as you?
No longer am I the same...as I am after the same.
We must see life...as one of us...as the other?
I kept my surrounding as me.
With love...there are presence of us.

With love except from home...is love except from others.
What I have...is what I am ample of.
What is exactly...as a place?
We have not part of the other...if we are not part of the other.
To live a part of down-sizing.

I must be able to make my living as Me.
This part of me...is not further from me.
A step is how I move...a step is how I yield.
Living the moment...is choosing the moment.
To love as supposedly me...is to love as supposedly you.

What I love of me...is how I am in use in you.
When does God choose people as I?
What I find of Myself...is how I Am retain of you.
I want one of Myself...as remaining of you.
Where will time pass...as me?

What I have of me...is occurrence of men.
What exactly...reminded me of the after?
What exactly...continues our life?
It is not people...it is who I am.
There must be ample reason...for the other.

With love...there are the same.
I cannot be what I have not granted.
We brought you in...to see the future as us.
What words...stay the same?
Our future must be the other.

I have created...my part...as me.
Sharing the moment...is enlarging the moment.
One sharing the moment...lives the moment.
I have decided to live without you...if I Am without you.
Associating the present...as our future.

Being the love we share...is seeming the moment we share.
With love...there are example of people.
We need one of ourself...as the other.
To retain a part of Myself...I need a part of Me.
This period I have lived as you.

There must be no existence...without people.
I choose My living...as I.
History re-told...is history never absent.
I have no history...without people.
People are His existence.

I must continue...with someone else as I.
Where do we prepare to live?
Where does my time...pass His use?
Where do we surround ourself...with someone else?
There must be provision of the other?

I Am not without the world...if I am I.
Looking to live...for example.
I have expected myself...as many of others.
My work must be what I live.
Where I see myself...is as importance of others.
