With Faith An Yao she is inclusive of her next move.
She is an athlete, musically inclined, and an average student.
She wants to study nursing, because artifical intelligence is taking the job.
She has a twin sister who is better academically and taller.
Who fits in...where is provided for?

I chose Powersoft over Banker's Trust because I understood I needed to develop my PowerBuilder skills.
They gave me business cards. Printed.
They sent me to Brisbane, Queensland, after a client's staff deflection. How are people moved?
To bring your skill...to reasoning. 3 Amigos at the University of Technology, Sydney (UTS). Jacob, Laban's flock.
With Jenny Stevens, I was not ready for a family, nor enterprise development.

With Thomas and Joyce Sherman they sought a father role for their grandson. Their youngest child and only daughter's child.
With father figure, I arrived months after the death of mother figure. What place can I take? Always promising a place.
At Central Corporation, Jeff Stevens gave me the opportunity to re-locate to Fort Lauderdale, Florida but I knew I was not a resident and I was living with twin sibling and university colleagues.
With Faith An Yao...how can you grow up as between? She and twin sister presently live with their biological parents, does she re-locate, after?
With Roy and Marian DeCruz...are you our children?

How among us...have we succeeded?
When I wrote, I might have spelling errors, but when I speak this pronounciation is correctable.
Faith An Yao is still a virgin...Grace Yao recently got a B grade.
How am I the same at least of me? AlphabetSequence is not a guaranty.
What we are asking ourself...is in-spite of others?

What should our children...learn as us?
Our grandfather taught us reading.
Father figure educated us.
Biological mother with reference to the Bible.
Biological father never associated with us. How can I be a mechanical engineer?

Who is the same?
When you the Bible, who is forth-coming? Who fulfills the prophecy? Who does it talk of?
The word...the work...what does it bring?
Into Your hand...I commit My spirit. What was it given...in return of others?
What our association bring...is no longer as ourself. Knew his wife, seed, genealogy, call on the name of God.

What limit you...is your reason as yourself. Faith An Yao...nursing?
Can you be a nurse without the studying?
Can I do AlphabetSequence without training?
In the 4 Gospel books, the Bible, Jesus Christ spoke about the spirit? Who is worthy of this receipient?
You bring people...where they are needed.

What no past can do...is what I look forward to. Faith An Yao shared that the church rejection of homosexuals led to hwe parents distrust.
I have been celibate for the past 25 years...what is the sexual motivation? Kings of the East? What place applies to us?
How do we place...the Bible...beyond ourself? 200 million, river dry up? Is this a men phenomena?
As render to Him? And, the children God has given Him. Faith An Yao is like a granddaughter...a wife?
What I subject Myself to...is how I Am allowed of others. Do our part...is necessitating God. To grant Him the favor...as He has alluded to.
