Love as representation.
When you look for love...you have to see Yourself as it.
When I see sufficiently...I see sufficiently how I make.
I won't turn against...here is how I Am, after.
To be prepared for love...fully of our own.

When I wrote, my first poem...it is as seemly as I feel.
Now I am writing...with words of my kind.
I won't be drawn away...from searching after.
All I have proved...is I have proved my living.
All I do...is how I Am completed.

I choose one ahead of me...as I see my later of me.
To have known us...is to have better us.
We grow as the same...if we are among the same.
I am alone...these I have chosen, twice.
It is not where we belong...it is where we are use.

I am departing from my place...not my life.
How do I keep...my the same...as my life.
What will keep us for each other...is how I know.
Where does...spare His use?
Is He included as us?

What I am passing?
Is how I choose my life?
Is not upbringing, but where I am after.
Do I share the same as myself?
Do I know...my love passes?

What do I on my own...what do I do as people?
How we share ahead...is how we spread ahead?
What will bring us to fully in use?
What is a place...if not realizable of people?
However, my placement is...that is how I live.

One's life...is not separated...from how many he has lived.
What will set me apart...is how I gather apart.
How our words are not separated...is how I magnify.
With rules...there are no exchange.
One input myself...as a life I have chosen.

There are no difference of the same.
What did He see...on behalf of me?
No relation are permanent...if not use.
I am reminded of the past...if I choose ahead.
I am everything...if I Am use.

I cannot decide the rest...but I can decide Myself.
With a home...there are after.
With rest of the journey...I have chosen my companionship.
What did He start you with...that is where you are found.
What words are man?

You must be able to choose ahead...to stay ahead?
Must I be involve...as life?
What did He save...to choose?
I begin to realize Myself...as many of others.
What will bring us...tie ahead?

We will like a part...as significant?
We want one of ourself...in as many of others.
The word ahead...chooses the ahead?
I must be able to decide...as part of Him.
Limited? Restricted?