2024-10-23T07:32:00
https://www2.pcrecruiter.net/pcrbin/reg7.aspx?reference=fG1hdGNoc3Rhci4%2B7TZwb6tetbIwQZmkEwzritC8o%2BZ%2FqEdAlLgwZmQUDyoPogmRKs9DicjWEoacrq8eO6VhPTLtCTRBFy0kYsrWMysxc%2BpIR6vffjZnRtZHMY1p%2B1Z2fZuPxzZyXmGiWokMJMWH9Y%2FwtJq9iz1%2FnVnieZKdxaNnk%2B9EfzBh5mSWdl45jFNlanHitFyaqzD1T7FAM%2FyW2eXL%2Bsn%2BeU%2BIv1G5LLBTUAwOZAfhUB86%2B7%2FtMGyK24xbFouWRwVtCQUvGC7hzAxEq4Y0K2sHKgaziUvyI1D9%2F0zWgg%3D%3D

Application Confirmation from MatchStar
executives@matchstar.com
​
Ken Adeniji​
Hello Ken,

Thank you for applying for the Chief Executive Officer - Manhattan position.  Please note that is a confidential search for our client, so we can only disclose the company’s identity (as well as other specifics) to those candidates that have been chosen for an interview. The client specifically retained MatchStar because of our thorough screening process, anonymity, and history of success in identifying on-target matches.

For a quicker response, please CLICK HERE to login and upload your resume, and make sure we have your correct LinkedIn profile.  

Thanks again for your interest!


Best,
Carolyne


Carolyne P. Connor, Founder & President
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
www.matchstar.com
connor@matchstar.com

http://matchstar.acemlnb.com/lt.php?x=3DZy~GDIKXCh6X76zd9IhBFu1H-njAT2kPc1YnfFUIOfDHB~zUy.0.hu2I2hi_f0nuZAXXbEIne
Hiring CEO 350K+ in Manhattan
MatchStar<carolyne.connor@matchstar.com>
​
You​

Ken,

We have been retained to conduct the search for a new CEO for a B2B financial services company headquartered in Manhattan. Candidates must already live in the New York City area.  Working remotely is not an option. Must be able to come into the office.

The new CEO will need to figure out the GTM strategy and write the business plan to scale the company from current revenues of $15-20m to over $100m+.  The company started generating revenues a little over 4 years ago and is very profitable!  Recently, they became licensed in the top 10 states so now they can start going after new verticals.  They would like to achieve $100m+ in revenues in the next couple of years and continue expanding and growing in different verticals. They just need the right leadership to execute!

The new CEO will need to build out a talented leadership team. Currently, the company has ~25 employees. Headcount is expected to grow by 10-20 people over the next year or so.  Need someone who can attract top talent and is a good team builder.  The new CEO will be fully in charge of their hiring plan.  Must be a player/coach type. Need to lead by example and be strategic.  Need someone that can be very hands-on, roll up their sleeves and do whatever it takes to achieve goals while building and managing the team. Prefer someone who has people that want to work with them again.  


If you're interested in applying, PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY first, then send a follow up email if you want to provide additional information. This will get the quickest response!

We understand this role may not be the right fit for you. However, our business is run on referrals, and we hope to find YOU that great opportunity when the time is right. Please feel free to forward this email to anyone that might be interested. We would sincerely appreciate any assistance!

More information on the opportunity is provided directly beneath my contact info below.  Please let us know if you or someone else would be interested.  Information on all our open positions can be found on our website, www.matchstar.com.  

I really appreciate your consideration.

Sincerely,
Carolyne
Carolyne P. Connor, President           
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1 Research Court, Suite 450                        
Rockville, MD 20850
CONNECT WITH ME: www.linkedin.com/in/carolyneconnor        
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/carolyne-connor   
	
Tim Tonella, CEO
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1032 Irving Street, Suite 126
San Francisco, CA  94122
CONNECT WITH ME:  www.linkedin.com/in/timtonella
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/tim-tonella

PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

POSITION: Chief Executive Officer

LOCATION: Company is HQ in Manhattan. Candidates must already live in the New York City area.  Working remotely is not an option. Must be able to come into the office.

COMPANY: B2B financial services company. Currently, the company has ~25 employees. Headcount is expected to grow by 10-20 people over the next year or so. The company started generating revenues a little over 4 years ago and is very profitable. Initially, they were only focused on collections for alternative lending. Recently, they became licensed in the top 10 states so now they can start going after new verticals. They have already started expanding into commercial collections which is a very large and profitable vertical and they are planning to expand into medical.

CULTURE & MISSION: This is still a small fast-growing company with a smart, driven team so you will have lots of resources to utilize and maximize with discretion. The new CEO will be empowered to create their own culture and mission.

COMPENSATION: Base salary will be between $300K - $350K plus bonus and equity. Company has been profitable for over 2 years and does not need to raise any additional capital. This is a key hire. Board is willing to put together the right package for the right person.They want someone who is very motivated and hungry, but also seasoned and experienced.

MANAGEMENT STYLE: The position reports to the Board.The Founders have asked to find a new leader to take over the growth of the company. They will stay at the company and play different roles. They want to step aside to let the new CEO lead. The company is entering a different stage of growth. The Founders were managing the business, and now they need someone with the capabilities and drive to take it to the next level. They want a seasoned & experienced business leader who can maximize their investment.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS:

    Must be a seasoned, experienced CEO.
    Prefer candidates with experience in the financial services industry.
    Must have previously scaled at least one startup while in a leadership position with P&L responsibility.
    Must have grown a company or business unit from nominal revenues to phenomenal revenues at least once in your career.
    Prefer candidates will have grown an organization from under $20m to over $100m.
    Must be able to build out a talented leadership team. Currently, the company has ~20-25 employees. Headcount is expected to grow by 10-20 people over the next year or so. Need someone who can attract top talent and is a good team builder. Prefer someone who has people that want to work with them again. The new CEO will be fully in charge of their hiring plan.
    Must be able to figure out the GTM strategy and write the business plan to scale the company from current revenues of $15-20m to over $100m+. They just need the right leadership to execute. They would like to achieve $100m+ in revenues in the next couple of years and continue expanding and growing in different verticals.
    Must have previously grown revenues by expanding into new verticals.
    Must be able to create and execute a partnership strategy. Must know how to maximize current strategic partnerships and develop new ones.
    Must be someone that enjoys the entrepreneurial atmosphere of a small company but has been through the experience of scaling up an enterprise to significant organization size and revenues.



PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!



PLEASE FEEL FREE TO SHARE THIS EMAIL:

Twitter       %SOCIALSHARE-GPLUS%       LinkedIn       Facebook



	
Carolyne P. Connor
President, MatchStar Venture Search
connor@matchstar.com
	
	
Sent to: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
MatchStar Venture Search, 1032 Irving Street, Suite 132, San Francisco, CA 94122, United States
Don't want future emails? 
Unsubscribe
