2025-06-25T10:15:00...2025-06-25T10:27:00

http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2025-05-20T1053MatchStar_-_carolyne.connor@matchstar.com_-_Co-founderCTOAndHeadOfProductMachineLearningPredictivePlatformIntegratesMedTechCompaniesNegotiateDeals.txt

Fw: HIRING: Co-Founder CTO / Head of Product (Remote)
​
From: MatchStar carolyne.connor@matchstar.com
Sent: Tuesday, May 20, 2025 10:53 AM
To: 
Subject: HIRING: Co-Founder CTO / Head of Product (Remote)
 


Ken,

We have been retained to find the for Co-founder / CTO and Head of Product for a machine learning predictive platform that integrates how MedTech companies negotiate for better deals.  The Founder was obsessed with pricing and bundling.  He came from ops and engineering then climbed over into the commercial part of the business.  He kept seeing this recurring problem over and over that no one was trying to solve.  No one was systematically evaluating an enterprise solution.  He noticed a pattern. He went to his former boss and said: "This is the problem and this is the data and numbers to support this solution. Would you like you to support me and give me the money and team to go tackle it?"  He gave him the team and the funding that generated a pilot that was far more successful that anyone imagined!  The pilot business that they sought to improve was $600M and grew 10-15!!!  So they added another $400M business into the pilot!!! 

The solution cuts through a lot of organic decision making to make the decision more clean cut.  When he witnessed the impact of it, he was like Holy Cow!  This is TRANSFORMATIVE!  There is a $810M addressable market--just in the U.S.!  And there is really no direct competitor in this space that has a solution like our client is developing.  There are adjacent industry competitors, but their solutions are very limited, not MedTech oriented, and don’t address the problem because they use old traditional methods for recommending price.  It is too narrowly focused.  A solution needs to cover the spectrum of price excellence which includes discovery, building, optimizing, and delivering outcomes in a dynamic market. 

The plan is to get to $100m valuation within 5 years with $20M revenue. That is the goal and it would be a fraction of under 5% market penetration.  This is a very lucrative market.  Our client is solving a problem that C-suite and commercial leaderships are dealing with every day.  They are feeling the pinch.  This solution will meaningfully improve their solutions and lives.  When our client nails this and builds the right solution, it will blow the doors off everything else on the market and be very lucrative!  Looking for a long term Co-Founder CTO/Head of Product who can plant the flag and wants to continue to build as they continue to grow.


If you're interested in applying, PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY first, then send a follow up email if you want to provide additional information. This will get the quickest response!

We understand this role may not be the right fit for you. However, our business is run on referrals, and we hope to find YOU that great opportunity when the time is right. Please feel free to forward this email to anyone that might be interested. We would sincerely appreciate any assistance!

More information on the opportunity is provided directly beneath my contact info below.  Please let us know if you or someone else would be interested.  Information on all our open positions can be found on our website, www.matchstar.com.  

I really appreciate your consideration.

Sincerely,
Carolyne
Carolyne P. Connor, President           
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1 Research Court, Suite 450                        
Rockville, MD 20850
CONNECT WITH ME: www.linkedin.com/in/carolyneconnor        
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/carolyne-connor   
	
Tim Tonella, CEO
MATCHSTAR VENTURE SEARCH
1032 Irving Street, Suite 126
San Francisco, CA  94122
CONNECT WITH ME:  www.linkedin.com/in/timtonella
BIO:  www.matchstar.com/team_members/tim-tonella

PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



THE COMPENSATION PACKAGE:  The Founder spent a lot of time on the ownership model.  Right now, he is thinking 5-20% equity, but it really depends upon the person’s capabilities and their runway.  Base salary will range between $100k-$200k.  The more cash comp, the less equity and vice versa.  It really depends upon what the co-founder wants and what is most important to them.  The Founder is working on setting up a great benefits plan. He will also need a good health insurance plan because he has a large family.  

LOCATION:  Flexible.  Anywhere in the United States.

THE CULTURE:  The Founder would love to build a culture based on focused inquiry, intensity and collaboration.  Wants you to feel the positive energy when you walk in the door.  Build an environment where we climb the learning curve collectively and as quickly as possible.  He doesn’t want to just build in a straight line.  He wants eyes open, always strategically assessing, executing on the fly.  For curiosity and growth, inquiry is really important.  He believes that he has a reasonably good idea of what the platform will look like and some of what is feasible, but he is not an expert in machine learning.  His Co-founder needs to know how to get from point A to Point B and wants to have fun when working.  Wants a thought leader who loves testing boundaries.  Someone who enjoys working together collaboratively to challenge and craft the solution. Someone who is strategic to figure out the right path. The mission is clear.  Our client has the resources and risk tolerance to make mistakes, but focused on keeping his word to follow through on commitments.

THE FOUNDER:  He wants a true partner.  He likes to motivate people and help them realize their potential by creating security, a sense of belonging and recognition.  He wants someone who is objective and good at communicating and giving honest, direct and candid feedback.  He is the product of a single mother.  Grew up in a difficult situation.  Did not  grow up wealthy or in a comfortable home environment.  He had the chance to see his mother persevere through a lot of difficulty and adversity in 80s and 90s.  It was very informative.  Seeing people persevering in the face of difficult surroundings and environments.  He has always enjoyed his career creating solutions to tackle complex, seemingly unsurmountable problems while developing people and becoming a best version of themselves--no matter how unsurmountable the challenges are!  Having a mother who was a successful entrepreneur was very inspiring.  She built a business in a male dominated environment.  She dealt with layers and layers of challenges when building in a very competitive market.  He wants to take that same courage and invention to this really sticky problem that MedTech companies have to manage.  He is a life long learner, athletic, and very competitive.  His mother’s inspiration fuels why he is doing this.  After several decades in MedTech, he finds it incredibly gratifying to see the impact that you make on patients and their families. Improving their quality of life, building relationships and giving back to society.  It is his key compulsion for growing this business.

THE ROLE: The new Co-Founder will lead the development and implementation of this new enterprise solution.  Create a powerful back end and intuitive front end. On the back end, this person will build the workhorse model that will connect to data, create a focused learning model, and create targeted observations/ insights in a dynamic setting.  They will manage the development team to move through the new product development process from beginning to commercialization.  Must listen to inputs and flexibly adapt to technology to effectively predict outcomes and really use Machine Learning. They have to be fluent in machine learning and deployed machine learning to make this very hard for customers to replicate it on their own.  The Co-Founder can bring in their own data & development team or built it with the Founder.  He really wants someone who is adaptable.  Can build it, measure it, and adjust.  Keep testing and trying to improve it.  Someone who is really focused on what the market is saying and hearing it.  He is okay with throwing part of a solution in the garbage and starting over when needed.  The Co-founder needs to have the ability to adapt, be flexible, always learning, always improving, always trying to do it better, and has the humility to say: "Even though I built it, I am going to try and keep making it better."   Someone who can roll with the punches, keep ears to the ground, and build something great!

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

    Lead the development and implementation of pricing & bundling enterprise solutions for MedTech clients. Products will enable new client capabilities to discover, build, optimize, and drive outcomes.
    Oversee the entire product lifecycle, from initial concept through distribution.
    Drive product iteration and customization, ensuring alignment with market needs and customer feedback.
    Deploy Machine Learning to identify business patterns, predictions, and opportunities. 


ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE REQUIREMENTS:

    Candidates have recent and significant experience leading a development team to build and deliver Saas solutions from concept through commercialization.
    Previously created and successfully executed a 100 day plan that used AI to help accelerate.
    Must have Startup experience.


QUALIFICATIONS:

    Must have recent and significant experience in platform product development & engineering, ideally in consulting, finance, or MedTech. Preferably experience at Pricing focused firm.
    Experience in developing at least 2-3 products from scratch through distribution. Products must include data visualization & predictive analytics in a high performing SaaS environment.
    Strategic vision to align technology strategy with business goals. Strong critical, lateral thinking, and communication skills.
    Proficiency in coding and leading technology teams. Ability to hire, motivate, develop, or fire.
    Adaptability to pivot based on new information or market changes. Collaborative mindset to bridge technical and non-technical teams. Resilience to handle setbacks and maintain focus under pressure.
    B.S. Computer Science, Engineering or other technical degree. 


CHARACTER TRAITS:

    Winning spirit and appetite for smart risk-taking and experimentation.
    Curious, intense problem-solver with humility with healthy self-criticism.
    Impatient with a forward-thinking approach, capable of honest and direct communication.






PLEASE CLICK HERE TO APPLY!



	
Carolyne P. Connor
President, MatchStar Venture Search
connor@matchstar.com
	
	
Sent to: kenadeniji@hotmail.com
MatchStar Venture Search, 1032 Irving Street Suite 132, San Francisco, CA 94122, United States
Don't want future emails? 
Unsubscribe
