http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2026-09-05SpamEmail_PurpleConnect@wemabank.com_Police@Stanford.edu_alertsudps-owner@lists.stanford.edu_alertsudps@lists.stanford.edu.txt

mailto:PoliceChief@Fremont.gov,PDwebmaster@fremont.gov,Maureen.Orphanos@acgov.org,Makan.Talayeh@acgov.org,PurpleConnect@wemabank.com,Police@Stanford.edu,alertsudps-owner@lists.stanford.edu,alertsudps@lists.stanford.edu,contactcbn@cbn.gov.ng,cpd@cbn.gov.ng,ethicsoffice@cbn.gov.ng,anticorruptionunit@cbn.gov.ng,whistleblowing@cbn.gov.ng

contactcbn@cbn.gov.ng,cpd@cbn.gov.ng,ethicsoffice@cbn.gov.ng,anticorruptionunit@cbn.gov.ng,whistleblowing@cbn.gov.ng

You have successfully unsubscribed.

As per your request, kehindeadeniji@gmail.com has been permanently removed from our mailing list
There has been a mistake

2026-09-05T02:52:00 He's asked us... to not send... and we should respect...

2026-09-05T02:36:00 There is an option to save various files... as a baseline text.

2026-09-04T22:21:00
Bangalore, India
careers@coram.ai
Software Engineer (sunnyvale)
Coram AI, Inc.
© craigslist - Map data © OpenStreetMap
1153 Tasman Drive

google map?
compensation: $210,000 per year
employment type: full-time
experience level: mid level
job title: Software Engineer
Coram AI, Inc. has a full-time (40 hours per week) opening for a Software Engineer at its Sunnyvale headquarters. This position is in-office.

JOB DUTIES: Build edge-computing software applications that process vision data and communication layers for compute-constrained edge devices. Troubleshoot and resolve software technology issues at the intersection of machine learning and infrastructure to build and improve an Artificial Intelligence (AI) cloud-based security video system. Build applications processing real-time data and optimize them for latency and memory and will need to use edge computing/IoT (Internet of Things). Deploy machine learning models to production. Scale AI systems to meet the user demand and to ship new features. Interface machine learning models using PyTorch and manage continuous integration/continuous delivery pipeline. Optimize the platform runtime for maximum performance. Build observability and telemetry.

REQUIREMENTS: Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or a closely related technical field. Two (2) years of experience as a Software Engineer, Software Developer, or a related occupation.

SKILLS: Must have:
1. Experience writing production software in C++ and Python.
2. Experience building applications processing real-time data and optimizing them for latency and memory.
3. Experience interfacing machine learning models using PyTorch.
4. Experience using profiling tools to optimize code, including: gdb, Nsight, Valgrind, and flame graph.
5. Experience with Docker and CI / CD pipelines.
6. Experience with Edge/IoT computing.

This is a full-time (40 hours/week) professional position.
Job location is at: 1153 Tasman Drive, Sunnyvale, CA 94089.
Wage Offer: $210,000/yr.
Email your resume. In the body of your email, reference the words "cranberry muffin" to prove you are a real applicant. EOE.
Principals only.

    Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.

post id: 7961007624

posted: about 5 hours ago

updated: about 5 hours ago
Wema Bank noreply@wemabank.com Unsubscribe
	
Aug 4, 2026, 1:08 AM (4 days ago)
	
	
to me
Dear, 

At Wema Bank, our commitment to societal growth remains unwavering. Together, we engaged with community members and partners to drive socio-economic development through targeted educational interventions, mentorship, and critical career support. 

Empowering Youth, Building Futures

Building on our long-standing commitment to youth development, Wema Bank officially renewed its strategic partnership with the Focus Teens Foundation for the 8th edition of the Teenage and Youth Career Summer Conference (TYCCS 8.0), themed "Being Young Is an Asset 8.0." 

This July, our joint efforts expanded opportunity and career access for young minds, driving direct, life-changing impact across underserved communities in Lagos and nationwide:

    Keynote & Thought Leadership (July 27): The Head, Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility Department, Dr. Adenike Agboola-Fayemi, kicked off the 5-day conference with an inspiring keynote address to over 10,000 physical and virtual participants at Onipanu, Lagos, setting the stage for actionable career guidance. 
    Financial Literacy & Mentorship (July 28): Oluwatoyin Adetunji, Team Lead Corporate Social Investment, Wema Bank leaders led a specialized panel session, “Building a Successful Career in Finance,” and delivered practical industry insights and financial literacy to aspire young professionals. 
    Direct Career Pathways: In collaboration with project partners like Jobberman, Wema Bank is opening doors for up to 20 exceptional participants through hands-on internship placements within the bank, creating a direct bridge from learning to real-world employability.

The Journey Continues 

Seeing the growing reach of these initiatives—which supported over 7,000 teenagers last year and continues to sustain a thriving community of over 300 students it is a reminder of what we can achieve when we invest in youth equity. 

This is only the beginning of our 2026 youth development pipeline. With physical outreach expanding into Education Districts across the Lagos Mainland and nationwide virtual streams, our commitment to building sustainable career pathways is gaining rapid momentum. 

We are incredibly proud of our leadership team, volunteer staff, and partners who continue to show up on the ground to bring these initiatives to life. You are proving that at Wema Bank, we are actively shaping a healthier, brighter future for communities across Nigeria.

With You, All the Way.

If you'd like to unsubscribe and stop receiving these emails click here

http://api-02.moengage.com/v1/emailunsubscribe?q=NP7EYlB2pmnXc7xLw1zQ_9c11W_xJAivG6qZpg1jbmFo9bDEKQjw-wErNohuu3y8bnqmRUVmUXkf6m1_xp15qmFbl2d1THfh9pvS84QzU2ZIoLJYHUZqv8FSJzfMyQLvmV5BaZpOeOlZTH9DJiNlFLGt9GdsMOq13PeEC0StlS_x6918QCL6SSNI.4T69PinL8qc-EuYlqdznECXnYlHBlw6cLgGNbtNucUg0fgpTvjuIm8vVjuQqkwZ5LFXm1tEd2jzksNqnsROVvA-p8ANM6CiUe_oFEDbAWaV8qqbamDG5BllSarw_P9jwd1HocanXGzU9BvW7VqUw8TBZn4OvgU8AA-LRCrEbehsDbmCJU_tF4CzphqBV3dttIr1qd5rrWiLdSqXekDoqnMYfAIcDqBl3S3nm27SQwWZ9mzH5S_x1WCuF7an_o.TfPxK3lUGiPr9EQhtyCgrrrmgA