2026-03-15T20:18:00

http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2026-03-15T2018support.microsoft.com_en-us_windows_protect-yourself-from-phishing-0c7ea947-ba98-3bd9-7184-430e1f860a44.txt

http://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/protect-yourself-from-phishing-0c7ea947-ba98-3bd9-7184-430e1f860a44


Protect yourself from phishing

Phishing (pronounced: fishing) is an attack that attempts to steal your money, or your identity, by getting you to reveal personal information -- such as credit card numbers, bank information, or passwords -- on websites that pretend to be legitimate. Cybercriminals typically pretend to be reputable companies, friends, or acquaintances in a fake message, which contains a link to a phishing website.
Paused

Select the headings below for more information

    Microsoft 365 Outlook and Outlook.com - With the suspicious message selected, choose Report > Report phishing from the ribbon. This is the fastest way to report the message, remove it from your Inbox, and improve our filters so you get fewer of these messages in the future. For more information, see Report phishing.

    ​​​​​​​Teams messages - If you're in Microsoft Teams, hover over the malicious message withoutselecting it, and then select More options > More actions > Report this message. When asked to 'Report this message' choose the option Security risk - Spam, phishing, malicious content is selected, and then select Report. Click the Report button.

If you see signs of a scam and are suspicious of a message, better safe than sorry. Report it!

Note: If you use an email client other than Outlook, include the phishing message as an attachment in a new email to phish@office365.microsoft.com. Don't forward the suspicious email; we need the original email as an attachment so we can examine the message headers.

If you're on a suspicious website:

While you're on a suspicious site in Microsoft Edge, select the Settings and More (…) icon towards the top right corner of the window, then Help and feedback > Report unsafe site. Or click here.

Tip: ALT+F will open the Settings and More menu.

For more information see Securely browse the web in Microsoft Edge.



Microsoft 365 Outlook and Outlook.com - With the suspicious message selected, choose Report > Report phishing from the ribbon. This is the fastest way to report the message, remove it from your Inbox, and improve our filters so you get fewer of these messages in the future. For more information, see Report phishing.

​​​​​​​Teams messages - If you're in Microsoft Teams, hover over the malicious message withoutselecting it, and then select More options > More actions > Report this message. When asked to 'Report this message' choose the option Security risk - Spam, phishing, malicious content is selected, and then select Report. Click the Report button.


If you're suspicious that you may have inadvertently fallen for a phishing attack there are a few things you should do.

    While it's fresh in your mind write down as many details of the attack as you can recall. In particular try to note any information such as usernames, account numbers, or passwords you may have shared, and where the attack happened such as in Teams, or Outlook.

    Immediately change the passwords on all affected accounts, and anywhere else that you might use the same password. While you're changing passwords you should create unique passwords for each account, and you might want to see Create and use strong passwords.

    Confirm that you have multifactor authentication (also known as two-step verification) turned on for every account you can. See What is: Multifactor authentication

    If this attack affects your work or school accounts, you should notify the IT support folks at your work or school of the possible attack. If you shared information about your credit cards or bank accounts, you may want to contact those companies as well to alert them to possible fraud.

    If you've lost money, or been the victim of identity theft, don't hesitate, report it to local law enforcement. The details in step 1 will be very helpful to them.

