http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2026-08-12T1011Tim Howell tim@towerpointwealthmanagement.com Request for fullname address phone number.txt

mailto:PoliceChief@Fremont.gov,PDwebmaster@fremont.gov,Maureen.Orphanos@acgov.org,Makan.Talayeh@acgov.org,TeresaKengSJSU@gmail.com,tim@towerpointwealthmanagement.com,KenAdeniji@hotmail.com

2026-08-12T15:15:00 I will let you know once the checkbook has been mailed out

2026-08-12T10:45:00	Please confirm... the legitimacy of the business.
	Faeces, I excreted in the downstairs, south-west toilet, restroom.
	I tried to flush, but there was no water to flush the downstairs, south-west toilet, restroom, toilet bowl.
	I tried to pour water into a bucket bowl from the sink in the downstairs, south-west toilet, restroom, toilet bowl. But the water was not sufficient.
	I poured water from the kitchen sink from downstairs north-center to flush the downstairs, south-west toilet, restroom, toilet bowl.

2026-08-12T10:11:00

Re: Fw: YES
Tim Howell tim@towerpointwealthmanagement.com
​You​
Thank you for your interest in our open position. How are you doing today?

I am satisfied with the information you provided. To proceed, the preferred method of payment I use is by check, which is also how you will receive your salary. I will mail you a checkbook authorized in your name so you can issue checks and make deposits. Once a check clears, you can use those funds to make required business payments and withdraw your own pay. This approach eliminates the stress and fees of frequently sending individual checks. Since the checkbook is in your name, I will still need to approve each outgoing payment from my bank; no funds will be released without my verification. I hope this makes sense. To get started on some new transactions, please reply with your full name, address, and phone number.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,

Tim Howell
Recruitment & Talent Acquisition
TowerPoint Wealth Management
