http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2026-04-13T1523Crown University, Delaware Honorary Doctorate Award. Academy - Centre for Productivity academy@centreforproductivity.org.txt

Re: Provisional Offer – Leadership Summit & Honorary Doctorate Award.
Academy - Centre for Productivity academy@centreforproductivity.org
​You​
Dear,

The Award Selection Committee of Crown University has reviewed your profile/CV and is pleased to inform you that you have been granted a provisional offer to participate in the Leadership Summit. Furthermore, your nomination for the Honorary Doctorate program has been approved.

 

As you can imagine we receive a lot of nominations every month from many accomplished professionals who are seeking Crown University’s USA Honorary doctorate. Our Selection Committee work as hard as we can to make sure that every candidate that we select is amongst distinguished leaders’ men and women who have made their mark in their respective industries.

You are therefore selected for an extraordinary recognition reflecting your exceptional accomplishments or altruistic actions that benefit a nation, a community, or humanity in general.

 

We are excited to share with you the papers that will be presented during the summit:

 

Paper 1: "Inclusive Growth and Social Development: Bridging the Gap in Nigeria"

 

Paper 2: "From Design to Delivery: Best Practices for Effective Policy Implementation in Nigeria"

 

For Approval of our collaboration with Crown University, Delaware, USA https://www.crownintl.education/center-for-productivity/ 

 

To confirm your participation, kindly complete the following steps:

 

    Make the payment of the participation fee of #1,500,000 or USD $1,000 or L$210,000 before 28 April 2026

    After making the payment, please send an email to academy@centreforproductivity.org with proof of payment.

    Complete the attached Application Form, which can be accessed at this link: https://centreforproductivity.org/ceprod-crown-application

    Send a one-page profile /citation along with a passport photograph for publication in the program.

 

 If you are unable to join us physically in Monrovia, Liberia, we offer you the opportunity to participate in the Top Executive Leadership Summit through Online Distance Learning. Please let us know if you would like to explore this option.

 

In addition, we invite recipients of the University's Honorary Doctorate Degree Award to contribute to the University's Endowment Fund. This contribution is voluntary and not a condition for participation in the Summit or the award of the Honorary Doctorate Degree. Donations received will be utilized for the Crown University Global Research & Education Fund in partnership with CeProd, supporting initiatives such as building, scholarships, library development, and research funding.

 

For payment in Naira, please find the account details below:

 

Account Name: Centre for Public Service Productivity & Development (CeProd)

Bank: Guaranty Trust Bank Plc

Account No: 0010830883

Swift Code: GTBINGLA

Sort Code: 058152191

Currency: Naira (N) 1,500,000

 

For payment in US dollars, please find the account details below:

Account Name: Centre for Public Service Productivity & Development (CeProd)

Bank: Guaranty Trust Bank Plc

Account No: 0239403468,

Swift Code: GTBINGLA. 

Sort Code: 058152191,

Currency: USD ($) 1000

 

Once again, we congratulate you on the approval of the selection committee and your upcoming Honorary Doctorate Degree and participation in the Leadership Summit.

 

Warm regards,

 

Patience John 

H.O.D Executive Program


On Apr 8 2026, at 10:49 am, Academy - Centre for Productivity <academy@centreforproductivity.org> wrote:


    Dear Ken Adeniji,

    Following your acceptance to participate in the Leadership Summit and your nomination for the Honorary Doctorate program

    We have received your profile highlighting your education, contributions and achievements to assist the Award Selection Committee in making a final selection. The final decision of the Award Selection Committee will be communicated to you between 23 March - 10 April 2026

    Please do not make payment until your profile has been screened and confirmed as eligible for the honorary doctorate award. 

    I would like to congratulate you on your nomination to receive the Honorary Doctorate Degree and invitation to participate in the Leadership Summit 

    Accept our warm regards

     

    Patience John

    H.O.D Executive Program

