http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/2018-05-03Correspondence/2026-09-10timmahaney@talentproconsulting.com_-_Lead Engineer, Controls Mccalla Alabama (AL).txt

New Job Opening! Lead Engineer, Controls , Mccalla, AL - No Remote
Tim Mahaney timmahaney@talentproconsulting.com

Hi, I have an opening that may fit your background, see job description below. If this position is of interest to you or you know someone who may be interested please apply on the link listed below. If this job is not for you, but you want to be considered for future positions send us your updated resume so we have it on file.

See details and Apply at : https://talentproconsulting.com/open-jobs/#!/0cef46eb-fddc-444f-911d-bf711fcccca0/detail

 

Thanks,
Tim Mahaney

Phone: 641-323-2360 
See all our jobs online @ https://www.talentproconsulting.com/open-jobs/
 
Lead Engineer, Controls , Mccalla, AL
No Remote
 
Direct Hire

POSITION SUMMARY

The Controls Leader will provide key leadership with regard to power and control systems, equipment specification and maintenance, proper operation, technician development, troubleshooting and repair to achieve or exceed reliability targets the plant. This role has responsibility for systems optimization, compliance, personnel safety and technician skill development relative to plant electrical power and process control systems.

 

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

    Assists primary administrator and troubleshooter for plant power and control systems and is a key member of plant technical leadership.
    Provides input to the Engineering Projects Manager to develop and manage power and control standards and ensure application of the standards on all projects and upgrades.
    Leads the execution of the site masterplan for power and controls systems to include understanding of the installed base, and replacement plan for obsolete equipment/technologies. 
    Builds and maintains a sustainable system for plant Electrical & Instrumentation (E&I) technicians skill development. Coaches technicians on skill assessment and development of operating within the department.
    Manages Electrical & Instrumentation (E&I) technicians and daily direction setting.
    Knows, communicates, and ensures technician compliance to local and national regulator codes (NFPA 70, NFPA 70e, NFPA 79 and OSHA 1910).  Is also responsible for ensuring equipment and safe practice compliance in their area of responsibility. 
    Responsible for validation of the MES data from PLCs.  Support plant Process Engineers in conditioning PLC data to accommodate effective data analysis including application development. 
    Provides support in the design and implementation of machine control and process automation applications, such as: control strategies, HMI design, MES applications and KPI development.
    Works with engineering and operations to identify losses, and develop plans and strategies to eliminate them, in the areas of safety, quality, reliability and cost.
    Owns parts or whole Key Elements for systems related to power and control system such as electrical safety (LOTO, Electrical PPE, Energized work permits, low voltage qualification, etc.) and Quality/CCP compliance (checkweighers, metal detectors, vision systems, ingredient flows, temperatures, etc.). 
    Works closely with engineering and operations leaders on selection and installation/start-up of new equipment. Becomes the technical expert on new equipment and ensures the training of others regarding control systems.
    Provides power and controls engineering support on capital initiatives.
    Provides support throughout other parts of the plant as needed on a daily basis.
    Learns and applies control, simulation and process modeling technologies to analyze and improve overall process and packaging operations.  

 

SELECTION CRITERIA

Education

    Bachelor's Degree in Engineering is required; Electrical engineering degree is preferred

 



You may unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive our emails.
