http://www.sean.co.uk/a/javascriptgames/index.shtm
My name is Sean McManus and I'm a writer based in the UK, specialising in technology and business-to-business. I began my career as a journalist on transport technology magazines. Today, I work as a freelance copywriter, freelance journalist and book author, covering a wide range of technologies. I've written for BBC News Online, Dorling Kindersley, For Dummies and many more leading publishers.

http://scholarship.richmond.edu/masters-theses/1081
The African-American community of Richmond, Virginia : 1950-1956 Author Michael Eric Taylor Date of Award 1994 Document Type Thesis Degree Name Master of Arts Department History First Advisor Dr. R. Barry Westin Abstract This thesis offers a topical narrative of the history of the African American camrunity of Richmond, Virginia, during the early 1950s.A number of areas are explored including demographics, economic issues, housing, the black business camrunity, the church, social life, education, politics and the battle against segregation. Despite the hardships imposed by segregation, blacks in Richmond formed a vigorous camrunity and during the period 1950 to 1956 won sane victories and suffered setbacks in their quest for a better life. Newspaper accounts from both black and white newspapers in Richmond were the major source for this paper. Government reports, city directories, church documents, census data and journal and magazine articles were also consulted. Interviews were conducted with several people who lived through the period. Recommended Citation Taylor, Michael Eric, "The African-American community of Richmond, Virginia : 1950-1956" (1994). Master's Theses. 1081. 

Tailah.com
Tailah Scroggins is a speaker, minister, and recording artist. Her transformative journey from new age to Christianity has resonated widely, garnering viral attention on social media. A sought-after media guest, she's been featured on numerous outlets, including CBN, God TV, and Charisma News. Founder of the dynamic online TS Ministries, she ministers alongside her husband, Jerricho, a five-time Grammy-award-winning music producer/engineer. They live in Nashville, Tennessee. Learn more at Tailah.com.
