    Title
    Abstract
    Acknowledgments
    Theory
    Results and Discussion
    Terminology
    References
    Appendices
    Background
    Prophecy and Fulfillment
    Autobiography
    Style of Writing

WordEngineering
Ken Adeniji

A thesis submitted for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Faculty of Science.
Abstract

Thesis Statement: This dissertation introduces AlphabetSequence ( 2 Corinthians 10:9-18 ). The AlphabetSequenceIndex is the result of a pure function to sum alphabet places AlphabetSequence.cs . The AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference are the offsets from the beginning and the ending of the Scripture. The AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference consists of four parts; there are two references each to particular chapters and verses. The first mention is the forward verse, which the author calculates by determining the AlphabetSequenceIndex verse in the Bible. The second mention is the forward chapter, and this the author calculates as before, but by substituting the verse with the chapter. Both the backward chapter and backward verse are the corresponding, anticlockwise places.

The importance of this work?

    Follow God, as a character.
    If you are a follower of Me or if you are a follower of the book? How we cannot... disassociate.
    To track dates and words? And, find meaning, correlation.
    To touch...numeric. Miracles of turning water into wine, feeding with fish and bread, resurrection after 3 days.
    How do you associate goodness with kindness ( Exodus 6:7 )?

Where does the Bible list? Creation days, genealogies, allies, plagues, tribes, journey, commandments, reigns, kingdoms, disciples, fruit of the Holy Spirit, churches.
Acknowledgments

Chuck Missler of Koinonia House (KHouse) is worthy of note, faith (Hebrews 11).

There is indebtedness of the author to Ury Schecow, his Masters degree supervisor, at the University of Technology, Sydney (UTS), 15 Broadway Ultimo (NSW), 2007, Australia. The author is grateful to Tom Osborne, his Artificial Intelligence instructor; and Brian Henderson-Sellers, his Object Oriented Technology instructor; both also at UTS. The author makes mention of his colleagues at UTS; Decler Mendez, Cesar Orcando, Ricardo Lamas and Peter Milne. The author stretches his open hand to Robyn A. Lindley, his Doctorate supervisor at the University of Wollongong (UOW), NSW 2522, Australia.
Theory
The Bible Database
The Scripture Table

The content of the Bible SQL Server database is principally the Scripture table. The Scripture table has a composite primary key , which consists of three columns; the BookID, ChapterID, and VerseID columns. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT [PK_Scripture] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( BookID ASC, ChapterID ASC, VerseID ASC ) is for setting the primary key.

The author proposes creating a non-unique index, IDX_Scripture_ChapterIDSequence, on the ChapterIDSequence column. The author is undecided, if this index will be clustered or non-clustered.

There are varchar(MAX) columns which has the text for each Bible version.
The Scripture Table's BookID Column

Because there are sixty-six books in the Bible, the BookID ranges between 1 and 66; starting from Genesis and ending at Revelation. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT CK_Scripture_BookID_Range CHECK (BookID BETWEEN 1 AND 66) will set the range restriction.
The Scripture Table's ChapterID Column

The ChapterID ranges between 1 and 150; the SQL statement SELECT MAX(ChapterID) FROM Bible..Scripture is for determining the upper limit. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture WITH CHECK ADD CONSTRAINT [CK_Scripture_ChapterID_Range] CHECK (([ChapterID]>=(1) AND [ChapterID]<=(150))) will set the range restriction.
The Scripture Table's VerseID Column

The VerseID ranges between 1 and 176; the SQL statement SELECT MAX(VerseID) FROM Bible..Scripture is for determining the upper limit. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture WITH CHECK ADD CONSTRAINT [CK_Scripture_VerseID_Range] CHECK (([VerseID]>=(1) AND [VerseID]<=(176))) will set the range restriction.
The Scripture Table's KingJamesVersion Column

The author would have considered placing an index on the KingJamesVersion column, but the author found out during his research, that the KingJamesVersion is not unique, and indexes are not applicable to like query expressions with leading wildcards.
The Scripture View's Testament Column

The SQL statement (case when BookID <=(39) then 'Old' else 'New' end) will set this computed column. The Testament column serves as a filter, such as, in the BibleWord.
The Scripture View's BookTitle Column

The SQL statement dbo.udf_BookTitle(BookID) is for determining this computed column. As expected, there is a correlation between the BookID column, and and its corresponding BookTitle column, it progresses from Genesis to Revelation. Because SQL does not support arrays, the author, chose to write a SQL CLR C# function for determining the BookTitle, when passed the BookID. Although, C# supports Design by contract, assertions, but the author only checks BookID range validity, and return NULL, if the argument does not fall within this range. The author could throw exceptions, but the author does not know the side effect nor full ramification. Instead of writing and determining the BookTitle using C#, an alternative is to use a database table. A table with two columns, BookID and BookTitle, will store and make extractable the sixty-six books.
The Scripture Table's ScriptureReference Column

The SQL statement dbo.udf_ScriptureReference(BookID, ChapterID, VerseID) will calculate the conjecture of the BookTitle, ChapterID, and VerseID. Since this is a computed column; therefore, you can not set its Entity Integrity; if it were not; the SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT uc_Scripture_ScriptureReference UNIQUE (ScriptureReference) will set its entity integrity. The distinction between raw data versus computed columns is performance, space. For example the beginning book of the New Testament, the 40th book, spelling is Matthew or Mathew, double tt versus single t. An improvement on the current implementation is to use soundex to decipher the book title and the corresponding BookID.
The Scripture Table's ChapterIDSequence Column

When loading data, the author decides the ChapterIDSequence column; and increment it, every time, the BookID and ChapterID, changes during load. The ChapterIDSequence ranges between 1 and 1189; starting from Genesis 1 and ending at Revelation 22. The SQL statement SELECT BookID, ChapterID FROM Bible..Scripture GROUP BY BookID, ChapterID ORDER BY BookID, ChapterID will decide the greatest value for ChapterIDSequence. An alternative SQL statement select count( distinct cast(BookID as varchar(6)) + ' ' + cast(ChapterID as varchar(6)) ) FROM Bible..Scripture Another SQL statement ; with cte ( BookID , ChapterID ) as ( select distinct BookID, ChapterID FROM Bible..Scripture ) select cnt = count(*) from cte The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT CK_Scripture_ChapterIDSequence_Range CHECK (ChapterIDSequence BETWEEN 1 AND 1189) will do the range correctness. Although it is good to know the ChapterIDSequence, but it is primarily used to decide the boundaries for scripture reference queries.
The Scripture Table's VerseIDSequence Column

When loading data, the author calculates the VerseIDSequence column, and increments it, every time, the BookID, ChapterID, and VerseID changes during the data load. There are some Bible books that have only one chapter, such as, Obadiah, Philemon, 2 John, 3 John, Jude; therefore, the author is careful when the choice is made to increment and update the VerseIDSequence column. The SQL statement SELECT BookTitle FROM Bible..Scripture GROUP BY BookID, BookTitle HAVING MAX(ChapterID) = 1 ORDER BY BookID is for listing these one chapter, Bible books. The VerseIDSequence ranges between 1 and 31102; starting from Genesis 1:1, and ending at Revelation 22:21. The SQL statement SELECT COUNT(*) FROM Bible..Scripture will decide the greatest value for VerseIDSequence, the total number of rows, records, in the Bible..Scripture table. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT CK_Scripture_VerseIDSequence_Range CHECK (VerseIDSequence BETWEEN 1 AND 31102) will do the data integrity. As said earlier, although it is good to know the VerseIDSequence, but it is primarily used to decide the boundaries for scripture reference queries. The identity functionality which auto-increments, before inserting each row is useful, for ensuring this candidate primary key, abides by the entity integrity constraint; however, The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Scripture ADD CONSTRAINT AK_Scripture_VerseIDSequence UNIQUE (VerseIDSequence) is supplementary.
The Scripture_View BibleReference Column

The SQL statement ((right('00'+CONVERT([varchar](2),[BookID],(0)),(2))+right('000'+CONVERT([varchar](3),[ChapterID],(0)),(3)))+right('000'+CONVERT([varchar](3),[VerseID],(0)),(3))) will combine the BookID, ChapterID, and VerseID. This is a convention for referring to Bible rows, by a unique identifier, which consists of the BookID, ChapterID, and VerseID. The leading zeros are placeholders for blocks of IDs, such as, BookID which will have two digits, ChapterID which will have three digits, and VerseID which will also have three digits. It is easier, faster, and more compact to restrict and order by numbers rather than text. Listed below, is the result set, for this SQL statement. SELECT ScriptureReference, BibleReference FROM Bible..Scripture_View WHERE BookID = 43 AND ChapterID = 1 AND VerseID = 1
ScriptureReference	BibleReference
John 1:1	43001001

There is a conversion page BibleReference.html. Please note, that the author has not developed this further, it is just an introduction and speculation, which others may wish to adopt.

Most of the applications, extract information, and query the Scripture table. If the user chooses to, he may choose to load another Bible version, into the Scripture table and the application will still work as usual, and there will be no need to make changes to the application; thereby, achieving Separation of concerns (SoC).
The Exact Table

The Exact table's, primary task, is to tell, on the words that are in the Bible. Its information set include each word's first and last scripture reference occurrence(s), and count of occurrence(s). If the word, occurs only once, then the last occurrence is set to null. The incentive for writing the exact module comes from Dave Hunt, who will talk of each word's specifics, and Chuck Missler who noted that the first occurrence of the word, love is in Genesis 22:2. The exact table, is a holding area, for staging information; it could be argued that there is no need, to have this table, because it sources its information from the Scripture table, and it is available using Language Integrated Query. The reasoning of the author is that the Scripture table is static data, and it does not need processing, each time, there is a request. Speed and lower work load are the advantages of the approach of the author; its disadvantage is that the exact table needs re-population, when there is a shift to another Bible version, which the author does not project, at this time. If there is a need, to support another Bible version, then the Exact table loading procedure needs expansion to aid, this flexibility. The Exact result for the author's initials, KAA, is Karkaa, meaning floor (Joshua 15:3). Word Occurrences is dynamic, and it supports the other versions of the Bible.
The Exact Table's ExactID Column

The ExactID is an identity column, meaning the database, SQL Server, auto-increments its value, before insertion. There are 12891 unique words, in the Bible..Exact table. The SQL statement SELECT MAX(ExactID) FROM Bible..Exact is for determining the highest value. The SQL statement SELECT COUNT(BibleWord) FROM Bible..Exact is for determining the word count. The SQL statement ALTER TABLE Bible..Exact ADD CONSTRAINT CK_Exact_ExactID_Range CHECK (ExactID BETWEEN 1 AND 12891) is for the range restriction. For storage reason, the author has chosen, not to have a unique index, on this candidate primary key; in-spite, of it being a query item. Future implementation, may issue the SQL statement CREATE UNIQUE INDEX AK_Exact_ExactID ON Bible..Exact(ExactID) SELECT SUM(FrequencyOfOccurrence) FROM Bible..Exact is 789631; this is the sum of the words in the KJV Bible.
The Exact Table's BibleWord Column

These are the words that occur in the Bible, in the order of their occurrences. The author sets the primary key, the constraint, by issuing the SQL statement ALTER TABLE [dbo].[Exact] ADD CONSTRAINT [PK_Exact] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ([BibleWord] ASC).
The Exact Table's FirstOccurrenceScriptureReference Column

This is the scripture reference where the word first occurs in the Bible. The author may set-up the relationship by issuing the SQL statement ALTER TABLE [dbo].[Exact] WITH CHECK ADD CONSTRAINT [FK_Exact_Scripture] FOREIGN KEY(FirstOccurrenceScriptureReference) REFERENCES dbo.Scripture (ScriptureReference). Please note, that as discussed earlier, the author cannot have, a unique constraint, on the Bible..Scripture.ScriptureReference column, since this is a computed column; the author can not keep up the relationship, at this time.
The Exact Table's LastOccurrenceScriptureReference Column

This is the reference to the scripture where the word last occurs in the Bible; if there is only one occurrence, the value of this entry is null. As with the FirstOccurrence column, the referential integrity rule applies.
The Exact Table's Difference Column

This is to measure the word's longevity; the difference in VerseIDSequence between when it first and last appeared.
The Exact Table's Occurrence Column

This is the pervasiveness of the word, how often is the word used in the Bible?
The WordEngineering Database

The WordEngineering SQL Server database, mainly consists, of four tables - HisWord, Remember, APass, ActToGod.
The HisWord Table

The HisWord table is what the author heard from the source. The entries in the HisWord table are exact and representable in alphanumeric format (Numbers 12:6-8). In following, the Bible's New Testament convention, where there are translations of Hebrew words to English which is being interpreted, (Matthew 1:23, Mark 5:41, Mark 15:22, Mark 15:34, John 1:38, John 1:41, Acts 4:36); so also, there are translations of Yoruba words to English.

There have been cases when the author cannot spell and fully comprehend what he heard. In such cases, and not dispose of the records, the author will partly enter what he heard. This impedance mismatch between what the speaker said and what the listener heard, rarely occurs with English words. But it is likely, in the author's native language, Yoruba, which exploits word combinations and phrases. The alphabets differ slightly between the English and Yoruba languages; Yoruba contains diacritic alphabets. The author requires a Yoruba dictionary and translator; a recent success is with the http://translate.google.com web page.

The HisWord table's most important column, as the name suggests, is the word column, which is either English or Yoruba; or a mixture of both languages. The author will yield to the Holy Spirit in translating Yoruba words to English. From previous experience, this translation is not always the most right or relevant, and different words may contain the diacritic alphabets; therefore, introduce various meanings (1 Corinthians 12:30, 1 Corinthians 14). To account for the discrepancy in translation, the author sought help from the LORD. 2015-11-02T22:55:00 And, the merge, is the money, convert. 2015-11-03T02:17:00 The specifics, a language.

The word column is a potential natural primary key, since duplicates are rare. When redundancies do occur, we may append the sequence to the word, to generate a unique word. We do this manually, but an insert trigger, will offer automation, and will cut the risk of primary key violation, which leads to gaps in the identity column.

The HisWord's table, commentary column, contains implicit information. This communication is most likely non-verbal, and it is information such as creatures standing or moving towards particular locations or engaging in other visible activities.

As such, from the creation account, on the first day, there is a commandment, and there may be an action/response. The commandment is in the word column God created light ( Genesis 1:3, 5 ). The action is in the commentary column; God separated the light from the darkness (Genesis 1:1-2, 4).

SQL Server generates sequential numbers for the HisWordID identity column. The goodness of this technique is that it is a candidate primary key, data loss is trackable, and it provides a sort key. The HisWordID column may serve as the primary and/or foreign key, the backbone of the Referential Integrity Constraint.

The Dated column is of the DateTime type. If an insert statement does not explicitly specify a value for the dated column, then it defaults to the current date and time of the (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada) time zone. There is a preference for the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)	format.

A relational constraint limit to a single foreign key? The author will choose either the most vivid or rare?
HisWord_view

The HisWord_view composes of the computed columns deducted from analyzing the Word. The two most significant computations are the AlphabetSequenceIndex, and the reliant AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference, respectively. The author derives the AlphabetSequenceIndex from the word by adding the place of the alphabets in the alphabet set. In the ASCII table, the lower case alphabets are between 97 and 122, and the upper case alphabets are between 65 and 90. The lower and upper case alphabets have the same places. The AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference is the books, chapters, verses separation in the scripture. The author will consider the chapter and verse place, forward and backward. Use the AlphabetSequence.html to calculate the computed values identified above. The AlphabetSequence is like Gematria, Mispar Hechrachi method. Titles of God.
The Remember Table

The Remember table tries to correlate the period between a prophecy and its fulfillment. " The terminus a quo DatedFrom is when the prophecy begins, and it marks the the date of issue or establishing of the prophecy. The terminus ad quem DatedUntil is when a prophecy partially or entirely comes to pass. " (Koinonia House). DateDifference.aspx is for calculating the difference between terminus a quo, versus terminus ad quem; the results are in days; biblical years, months, days; the Common Era. The inspiration for adding the Common Era comes from wikipedia.org by Jimmy Wales.

To determine the HisWord and Remember entries? The author chooses to separate the particular and prompted inputs ( Luke 4:19 ).
APass

First, inside and last dates.
ActToGod

This is subjective work; the author applys intelligence to find patterns and resemblances in the Bible.
"
Hitachi Modern Data Infrastructure Dynamics Drowning in Data: A Guide to Surviving the Data-Driven Decade Ahead

    Microsoft SQL Server offers the capability to cut off the size of the result set. The GetAPage.html gets minute data from the various database tables and views. The user may be given the opportunity to customize which results to retrieve, for example, AlphabetSequence, BibleWord, HisWord, or Dictionary. A literate person may not need as much data. Setting this restriction will be concise queries.
    An approach is to offload computing to the local host.

" "
Database Performance

    Query optimization: Server-side database processing offers the best performance scenario. The use of stored procedures and functions is recommended. The hold backs are their deployments and SQL variances. Prepared statements are fast, resource lenient, cached, and they prevent SQL injection attacks. The author falls back on dynamic SQL for complex queries.
    Indexing: The author is well aware of the pros of indexing, but its cons include additional space and effort. The less performant productive database objects are keys and constraints.
    Data Modeling: Normalization
        First Normal Form (1NF): A relation meets this rule when each attribute has only one value. Another condition is that all the attribute values are atomic and non-composite. In the HisWord table there may be multiple contacts, but only the most prominent contact is recorded. A contact must be first created in the Contact table, prior to its referencing, to satisfy its referential integrity constraint. The author does abide with 1NF in the HisWord table. The URI column may contain multiple e-mail addresses. The scripture reference column may not be a unit.
        Second Normal Form (2NF): The ActToGod table does not comply with this rule, since its Minor column is functionally dependent on its Major column. Computed columns minimize the potential for this.

" "
Database Management System (DBMS)

There are 2 types of DBMS. These are:

    Shared file-based: For example, Microsoft Access
    Client/Server: For example, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL

SQL Usage
Database Information
Statement 	Commentary
sp_server_info 	The database version is Microsoft SQL Server 2019 - 15.0.2104.1
sp_databases 	The sole work of the author, the WordEngineering database size, is currently 33317504 bytes.
sp_spaceused 	The WordEngineering database currently uses 32536.63 MB.
sp_statistics HisWord 	The cardinality of the HisWord table is 114243.
SQL Statement
Statement 	Commentary
Select 	The select statement for data retrieval is the most popular statement. Most select applies to Bible..Scripture_View. Using the select statement is safe, but it may impact performance. An alternate replication target repository may serve queries.
Insert, Update, Delete 	The insert, update and delete statements are for data maintenance.
Where Clause Operators
Operator 	Commentary
=, <>, !=, <, <=, !<, >, >= !> 	The operators listed will check for a single value. The operators that consist of !, will check for non-matches. In most cases, rarely is this in use. !< or/and !>. This is the first time...he is becoming aware...of these expressions. This is the first time...he is becoming aware...of these operators. Querying for a date or number will search for particular types.
BETWEEN 	This is a range check that accepts a beginning and ending value. It is not highly used.
NULL 	No value
IN 	A comma-delimited list of valid options within parenthesis.
LIKE 	Wildcard filtering
" (Ben Forta, 2017)
Database Scaling

    The transition to computed columns results in smaller storage requirements.
    Microsoft SQL Server supports multiple databases; therefore, reducing archive needs.
    Normalization, object-to-relational mapping, is light load.

Database Exclusivity
Row Limit
Title 	Commentary
TOP 	Set a limit of the number of rows returned or a percentage of the rows from the source.
SET ROWCOUNT 	The database will retrieve all the rows, but if there are excessive rows it will later limit to required rows.
Where Clause
Title 	Commentary
Like wildcard 	Preceding or following restriction '%%'
Check for NULL 	IS NULL versus (VS) IS NOT NULL
Between range check 	Lower and upper limits
Logical comparison 	<, >, =, <=, >=, <>
Table join superceeds the previous column key equal to 	FROM table join primary and foreign key
Select Clause

The select clause may explictly include a column list. Pre-compiled statements that implictly cater for all the source columns, may not be up-to-date on the column-list.
Group By Clause

The group by statement is not for detail listing, except when it is used to regress to the distinct clause. Group by supports statistics, such as, count, sum, min, max, avg.
Having By Clause

The having clause augments the group by clause. It places restriction on the group(s) returned.
Insert Statement

Inserts give room to omit the default columns. The Identity Insert statement also grants explicit entry of its identity column.
Nullable Column

Information unknown is useful for forwarding processing, until and if the information is added. Outer Join stands for this purpose.
View

Enhances tables by compacting and/or extending the information set.
Constraint

Primary and foreign keys, unique indexes and check constraints.
Data Cleansing

    Is the source of bad data input internal, on-line users, or error in programming? He doesn't envision error in reference data.
    Does the vendor have data definition language (DDL) to pre-empt data corruption?
        Data type and size: String, number, date, logic boolean?
        Not nullable? Can not be empty?
        Range check: Expense must be greater than zero? Dates of activities must be after the establishment creation date.
        Check constraints, for schedule, dated from must precede dated until.
        Non-surrogate primary and foreign keys with unique indexes help to ascertain data.
        Default columns are probable system generated that the users may leave unfilled that are available from sequence, identity, system clock.
    Is the data incomplete, such as abbreviation, for example CA or California, telephone numbers without country or area code?
    Is it data manipulation language (DML) deadlock, arrangement of data modification? Transaction commit or rollback? Cascade?
    Duplicate entries are isolatable by using the group by clause.

The author prescribes the steps below to begin database set-up and usage

    Acquire a database management system (DBMS). Various varieties of DBMS are available. The user may download a DBMS, get a compact disc, or select from the cloud.
    Install a DBMS.
    Decide on a user interface for managing the database. For Microsoft SQL Server, the choices include the SQLCmd console utility or the SQL Server Management Studio or Azure Data Studio.
    Create database. Microsoft SQL Server supports multiple instances and databases.
    The data definition language (DDL) includes the commands to create, alter, or delete tables, views, primary and foreign keys, indexes, constraints and defaults.
    The data manipulation language (DML) are commands to insert, update, and delete the database rows and columns, with the option to use the where clause.
    The SQL Server maintenance plan is for database housekeeping, for example, backup, restore, and re-arrangement.
    Stored-procedures, triggers, and functions are programmable logic.

"
Indexing
" (Search engine indexing)

The author manually indexes according to the following progression:

    The URI database is separable into the following tables:
        URIChrist
        URIEntertainment
        URIGoogleNews
        URIWordEngineering
    The SacredText table is for scripture reference.
    The Exact table is an index of the words in the King James Version (KJV) of the Bible.
    The source of information is in the bibliography section.

"
Structured Query Language (SQL)
Set theory

The set we will mostly deal with is the HisWord table. Is in order of occurrence.
Predicate logic

The choice of SQL Server impose? datatype limits.
" (Itzik Ben-Gan, 7/3/2023).
GitHub
The Author Uses the Git Code Repository Key 	Value 	Commentary
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) 	github.com/KenAdeniji 	This is the home page for storing the repositories.
Date Created 	2013-04-27 	This is the date of creating the github.com account.
Version 	git version 2.29.2.windows.3 	The git --version command offers the release detail. The author is not sufficiently knowledgeable on tracking the version update.
Configuration Profile 	git config --list 	The commands below will set the profile: git config --global user.name "your-name" git config --global user.email "your-email"
Change Tracking 	git status 	This will decide the differences between your local copy and the version control code repository.
Add Updates 	git add 	The git add . command will add all the updates, or the user may add particular directories and files.
Accessibility

    Image elements have alt attributes; so that the reader may perceive what it shows
    The software offers the option to generate an image in the .png format
    The author does not duplicate hyperlinks
    The user may solely use the keyboard navigation to tab between the various controls, this substitutes for the taborder attribute. The autofocus attribute is for setting the cursor on the first input control.

"
Programming
" (Microsoft)
The Author Programs in the Following Tiers and Languages Tier 	Language 	Commentary
Front-End Browser 	HyperText Markup Language (HTML), Javascript, Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) 	The front-end code may run on a desktop, laptop, or mobile telephone that offers a user interface (UI). The task is to accept the user query and to display the result. Initially, as a novice programmer, the author wrote specific code for each user request; later, the author rests on generic code which will handle multiple variety of requests. This is high-level programming, and the skill-set entry level is minimal. The author also believes that the users should not require any formal training to use his work. Customization is achievable by varying the request options, such as entry form selections, query arguments, or data attributes.
Middle-Tier Application 	C#, Embedded-SQL 	For backward compatibility, the author does not envision moving away from his legacy code investment in Microsoft. The only shift is positioning code away from database inconsistencies in back-end residency. To code, compile, debug, deploy, the experience of the author is with Microsoft Visual Studio and command-line tools.
Server-Side Backend 	Standard Query Language (SQL) 	The author most recent experience is with the Sybase and Microsoft Transact-SQL assortment. Now a days, to be compatible and after experimentation; the author rarely uses Standard Query Language - Common Language Runtime (SQL-CLR). The author does database data entry, maintenance, development by using the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio.
JavaScript Basics: Data Types

    JavaScript supports three keywords for declaring variables. These are the var, let, const keywords.
    From its pre-conception, JavaScript supported the var keyword. When the author does not precede a variable initialization with a keyword, then the variable will have global scope. The author averts from variable hoisting. Variable definition with the var keyword is re-usable. The strict mode is a later addition to JavaScript that helps in enforcing variable rules.
    For one-time definitions, such as, issuing the document.getElementById command, the author relies on the const keyword.
    Unlike some typed languages, JavaScript does not support explicitly specifying the type of a variable.
    JavaScript string comparisons are by default case-sensitive.

Functions and Methods

    Methods are functions that are referrable from a class. Methods support object orientation by offering encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism. The author uses functions when placing localizable code inside the script section of a HTML file; otherwise, generalized methods are referenceable from a JavaScript library.
    JavaScript treats functions as first-class citizens, and they are passable as variables. This abstraction feature is rarely necessary.
    JavaScript does not support method overloading. The earlier arguments array variable and the later parameter default initialization supplements.
    The author consistently uses anonymous functions for processing the success and error returns when using jQuery to access web services.

Conditions

    The author emulates the Microsoft ASP.NET Page.IsPostBack property check, and when it is not so, parse the query arguments; otherwise, skip the parsing and proceed to page submittion.

Arrays and Loops

    For displaying the Bible book titles, the 66 books are in a JavaScript iterable array. This reduces the data load from the server to client, and it offers spelling flexibility. The select options resemble similar customization.

HyperText Markup Language (HTML) Document

    The DOCTYPE is the first declaration in an HTML document, and it is the conformation standard specification.
    The html tag is the root and the container for all the other tags.
    The head tag contains the title and the meta tags for the search engine optimization (SEO). The various documents will indicate the cascading style sheet (CSS) directive.
    The body tag contains the visible content of the document. Its resultSet or resultTable div will contain the particular details that the program generates.

"
Data Science
" (Microsoft)
What is data?

The data that the author fundamentally operates on is the word from God. The initial and primary data is textual, but now the author places importance on dates and numbers.

What should you do with a number? Even though the Hebrew language is AlphaNumeric, the numbers in the Bible are in words ( Leviticus 19:26 ). When the author receives a number, he records it in the HisWord's table, Word column, as a numeral.

    The author extracts knowledge from data; by finding meaning to the word.
    The author uses scientific methods, such as counting the number of occurrences, determining the first and last occurrences, and excluding the parts of speech.
    The actionable insights take, so far, is to computerize the work.
    The vast majority of the work is structured data. Unstructured data does not fit into the background of the author.
    The application domain is Bible studies; how relevant is the Bible to our work?

Practicing Data Science

    Empirical, find implication from the Bible?
    Theoretical, to determine a better way to doing work?
    Computational, is human labor replaceable?
    Data-Driven, constraints help us to sanitize data. Default values reduces task, are less error prone, brings arrangement.

Where to get Data

    The Bible is our primary source of data.
    The author records information sources. This is either a person or media?

What you can do with Data

    Data Acquisition: The Bible is available on the Microsoft Access database.
    Data Storage: The author imports this tabular data into the Microsoft SQL Server relational database.
    Data Processing: The SQL Select statement is the means of retrieving data from the database. This is not always a monolithic fashion; since there are various ways of composing the queries.
    Visualization / Human Insights:
        The raw data is viewable on the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio.
        The web service, .asmx, file, which is accessible from the browser, offers the opportunity to fill-in the query and see the JSON result.
        The .html presents the result in a human readable format.

Defining Data

    Quantitative Data: This makes itself subjective to numeric computation. AlphabetSequence is an attempt to give value to words.
    Qualitative Data: These are rarely measurable and are personal interpretation.

A brief introduction to Statistics and Probability

At the beginning of the study, the author made a presumption that words are unique. Later the author found out that there are duplicate Bible verses.
"
Data
" (Vaibhav Verdhan)
Structured and Unstructured

Structured data is alphanumeric put in row-column. Unstructured data is either text, image, audio, or video. This research is mainly structured data.
Standard

The author imports complete, not NULL nor empty data, such as the Bible and the dictionaries.

The author achieves data validity by constraining and restricting inputs. Since this is not a commercial work, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are not vital.

The author references and is not tampering with authoritative Bible work; this helps to make sure correctness - accuracy, consistency, integrity.

Timeliness is effectual in the single user data entry table, HisWord.
Unified Modeling Language (UML)
Class

The information which the author documents in this section of the paper; is the Data Declaration Language (DDL) and Data Dictionary, which is available at GitHub.com SQLServerDataDefinitionLanguageDDL Repository The Data Manipulation Language (DML) is too large to fit into the GitHub.com repository, and it is intellectual property. For the people that have access to the database, this private information is available by generating the database script.

Contact is a primary entity, and it identifies the people and organizations that the author has a relationship with. These affiliations are family, friends, business, or public service links. Also recordable are their street, e-mail, web addresses, and telephone numbers. The author stores the various information exchanges with these people. A known date of birth, is for notification of the subject's birthday and relative age. To keep up with the privacy and sensitivity of this personal information, the author is not sharing this highly confidential data.

The relationship between a contact and its related information is one to many; that is a contact may have multiple addresses.

A URI is a link to a web resource that will add to the audience's knowledge. The author notes the address and the date, when the author became aware of this information. The content at an address is either textual, audio, video, or image? For URIs, the author rarely explicitly specifies the entire http protocol and directory post-fix, /. An incomplete address will not validate as an input url type. The author only records the Wikipedia address' at the place of reference since it is easy to associate the title with the Wikipedia address.

Exists or does not exists? The transact-sql exists clause is useful for checking the existence of an object and if so, drop the object. This is applicable prior to re-creating the object. Please note that the metadata information is lost and the create or alter statement supercedes this approach. The exists clause is also useful in queries for determining the existence of a resultset.

These classes are important asset for the anniversary triggers; in the Remember entries.
Database and Application Server Source Files

The author chose a multi-tier architecture for building the application. The database layer is made-up of tables, views, stored procedures, functions. The database tables are easily storable and movable to other storage media. The SQL Server's data definition language (DDL), now supports DateTime2, and its date range extend between January 1, 1 CE through December 31, 9999 CE. Some dates in Wikipedia mention these dates. The HisWord_view contains computed columns, which depend on entries in the HisWord table. The author extracts database information by building query statements.
The application layer is the bridge between the user interface layer and the database layer. The application layer compiles into a single Dynamic-link library (DLL), called InformationInTransit.dll. The application layer consists of four namespaces, namely, InformationInTransit.DataAccess, InformationInTransit.ProcessCode, InformationInTransit.ProcessLogic, InformationInTransit.UserInterface. What the author builds on the server; is accessible to all the clients. What is the lifetime of this code, and what neutrality does it condone? The author started out with dBASE II. The lines of code for the application layer are in the C# and embedded SQL.
Client Browser Source Files

    HTML5 (.html)
    JavaScript (.js)
    Cascading Style Sheets (.css)

The .HTML files will work in all browsers; that support AJAX. Most of the interactive web pages are reliant on JavaScript to work, mainly because they use Ajax to interact with the server. Each .HTML file, performs specific task, and may have a corresponding back-end associate, web service. The unobtrusive JavaScript file 9432.js contains re-usable code that is not .HTML files specific. The .HTML files originally contained the .CSS specifications; however, the author now places styling information in a single external file, 9432.css. This will reduce the sizes of the .HTML files, and it helps to achieve a consistent user interface.

The work of the author is interactive, and there are links to questions and answers pages. Most of the input entries are textual, but some are numeric, datetime, select options. The answers are mostly in tabular format.
" A HTML document contains:

    Text content: The author informs the reader by describing His word.
    References to other files: The author refers to external files, such as UML images.
    Markup:
        Elements: The anchor tag is the most specific.
        Attributes and Values: The author benefits from the introduction of the customizable data- prefix attribute.

" (Elizabeth Castro). "
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

    Base Rules: A base rule is an element and not a class nor ID selector. The author does not use CSS Resets. The author issues element selectors for the html, body, table and row.
    Layout Rules: There are no layout rules, such as header nor footer.
    Module Rules: The table of content (TOC) is for page navigation that the author offers using class names.
    State Rules: A state rule is for toggling, such as using Javascript to set the visibility.

" (Jonathan Snook).
Web Services

" There is standardization on the first .NET web services architecture, .ASMX. " (FrederikBulthoff, 2019) In most cases, there is a one-to-one mapping between the .HTML, .ASMX, .CS files, and the database relational table, Bible..Scripture. For simplicity and clearage of use, the .HTML and .ASMX files, support one operation. GetAPage.html is the workhorse for word utterances. GetAPage.html will send AJAX requests to multiple .ASMX files and operations. GetAPage.html is a cumulation of separate .HTML files. All the web services files support the SOAP request format and return JSON. jQuery accepts the POST, HTTP verb. The author stringified the data he passes to the web service in the body of the message. Errors are unforeseen, in the rare case, the author logs errors on the back-end, and display quantitative message. Security is lacking; this is permissible; since the author only queries information.

The web service code, .asmx, file is not necessary, does not have a place, when there is no server database access ( Numbers 19:2, 2 Chronicles 15:3, John 15:25, Romans 2:12, Romans 3:21, Romans 3:28, Romans 7:8, Romans 7:9, 1 Corinthians 9:21, Hebrews 9:22 ).

The Web Service Description Language (WSDL) is available, for example, by specifying the URI, AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx?WSDL To generate a proxy code, issue the following command; wsdl.exe /language:CS /namespace:InformationInTransit.ProcessLogic /out:"AlphabetSequenceWebServiceProxy.cs" http://localhost/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx?WSDL The Web Services Discovery Utility (disco) command: disco.exe "http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AlphabetSequenceWebService.disco" will generate the companion files; AlphabetSequenceWebService.disco, AlphabetSequenceWebService.wsdl, and results.discomap

A lecture of our beginning. (Hafida Na ̈ım, 2016) The business rule is storable and processable in C#, (.cs), source files. The dynamic link library, (.dll), is callable from everywhere. GetAPage.html computes AlphabetSequence from a simple logic, which is easily representable everywhere. The AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference is retrievable from the Bible, using non-complex SQL query. The BibleWord and HisWord reference, requires substantive query. The Bible dictionary returns dataset from the local database. The author can not make a business decision, to go to a web service, to retrieve what is locally resideable.
Database Size

The usp_DatabaseLogSize stored procedure is for determining the size of the databases data files; and it is available at T-SQL to find Data,Log,Size and Other Useful information -SQL 2000/2005/2008/R2.
Database Size Name 	Data Files 	Data MB 	Log Files 	Log MB 	Total Size MB
Bible 	5 	304 	1 	82 	386
BibleDictionary 	5 	38 	1 	17 	55
WordEngineering 	5 	138 	1 	1816 	1954
Database Standard

" When should He believe; other have represented Himself. " (ABB Asea Brown Boveri)
Database Design

    The relational model is for storing information in tables.
    The author normalizes data using Object-relational mapping.
    All the databases are OLTP (Online Transactional Processing), not OLAP (Online analytical processing).
    Avoid deadlock occurrences by not permitting user database updates.
    All the transactions follow similar routes and sequences, and the author practices granularity with the locks.
    Database updates are through stored procedures, which recognize and avoid the potential of integrity violation.

Database Security

    The secretive web.config file contains the database access information.
    The web.config file does not explicitly mention the user login name nor password.
    Give access rights to roles, not to specific login identities nor user names.

Database Data Types

    Choose matching data types between the database and application layers.
    Only pick varchar(max) and nvarchar(max) as the data type, when it is essential to store large data.
    Prefer the decimal type; when recording the amount in currency rather than using the float type.

Nullable Type

    Consider defaulting textual data to empty string; instead of NULL.

Indexes

    Database changes lags with indexes.
    The field sequence in indexes should follow the frequency of usage.
    When using a composite index, place a clustered non-unique index on the major column.

Naming Conventions

    Overall consistency encourages lowercase keywords. Keywords in lowercase are mandatory in C# and JavaScript but not in SQL.
    Use Pascal casing for naming literals, such as, tables, columns, stored procedures and functions.
    Use Camel casing for naming parameters and local variables.

"
Performance
" (Stoyan Stefanov)

The web page components practice of the author, include:

    Keep the count of web page components to a minimum
    Specialize input entries by using the most simple and basic component
    Reduce bloating by limiting the use of framework and library

"
Performance Suggestion
" (Lara Callender Hogan)

    The most consistent id="resultSet" is usually for AJAX. The self-descriptive tags that do not influence the result normally do not specify IDs, this is left to the browser's decision.
    Browsers place restrictions on the number of concurrent connections to a particular domain and the overall parallel connections. Consider spreading out the resources to multiple domains.
    The author standardized on the .png image format because there are few colors.
    In the year 2008, when the author tried to move away from html table layout styling, the rendering was anaemic.

The Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) performance suggestions include:

    Since, by default, CSS is a render-blocking resource, the author should take advantage of the critical rendering path with media types and media queries.
    All the programming .html files refer to the common 9432.css file, except this ubiquitous 2015-10-23DoctoralDissertation.html documentation file which includes css.

The JavaScript performance suggestions include:

    Make use of browser cacheable content delivery networks (CDNs). For example, http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.js

"
High Performance Browser Networking
" (Ilya Grigorik)

For Internet connections, the contributing factors include:

    Propagation delay - The consideration is the speed of light in the medium of transport. On the Internet the speed varies according to the medium which may be (DSL, cable, fiber) in order of performance. The speed of light, which was presumably constant, but now, may be declining. The author chooses the most accessible route. Typically, working within the confines of a building. This research excludes other participants. The environment is transplantable for other uses. The route and environment impose limitations on the local host. The traceroute command on the Linux operating system, or the similar tracert or pathping commands on the Windows operating system, will give travel speed. The author will look into the last-mile tendencies of the Internet Service Providers (ISP) in the area. The receive window (rwnd) of the server should be adequate, since the users do not upload videos nor images.
    Transmission delay - The time to input the packet into the link, which is determined by the length of the packet and the data rate of the link. On the author's behalf, the Bible book ID is transmitted to the client and convertible to the title by JavaScript. Formatting is done by the client.
    Processing delay - The duration of processing the header, detect bit-level errors, and determine the other end. In an Intranet environment, this is done locally.
    Queuing delay - The processing wait time is dependent on the browser supporting multiple page tabs, and other applicatons using the network?

Most of the work of the author is available at the following locations, in the order of efficiency:

    The current web page, such as, 2015-10-23DoctoralDissertation.html file
    The general Cascading Style Sheet, 9432.css file
    The general JavaScript file, 9432.js file
    The specific Web Service file, such as, ScriptureReferenceWebService.asmx file
    The dynamic link library file, InformationInTransit.dll file
    The database

The reason for noting this observation is that the Domain Name System (DNS) lookup time is low; since the author uses relative directory addressing as much as possible and only uses root addressing for calling web services. The .html and .asmx files are in numerous directories, because GitHub.com directories have content count limitations.

Images:

    The author does not use background-image nor list-style-image
    The thesis only contains images for database and object modeling
    The author does not use CSS sprite; since it requires additional storage space
    The author does not use Data URIs
    The author does not support nor take advantage of Expires Headers
    This research excludes compression and minification; because the file sizes are low and technology conformity

Code Statistics
Al Danial's Cloc

				  36 text files.
				classified 36 files
				  36 unique files.                              
				   0 files ignored.

				github.com/AlDanial/cloc v 1.84  T=1.00 s (36.0 files/s, 2947.0 lines/s)
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				Language                     files          blank        comment           code
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				C#                              36            300            362           2285
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				SUM:                            36            300            362           2285
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				 414 text files.
				classified 414 files
				Duplicate file check 414 files (398 known unique)
				Unique:      100 files                                          
				Unique:      200 files                                          
				Unique:      300 files                                          
				 414 unique files.                              
				Counting:  100
				Counting:  200
				Counting:  300
				Counting:  400
				   2 files ignored.

				github.com/AlDanial/cloc v 1.84  T=5.00 s (82.8 files/s, 10288.0 lines/s)
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				Language                     files          blank        comment           code
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				C#                             414           5858           5760          39822
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				SUM:                           414           5858           5760          39822
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				   1 text file.
				   1 unique file.                              
				   0 files ignored.

				github.com/AlDanial/cloc v 1.84  T=0.50 s (2.0 files/s, 3372.0 lines/s)
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				Language                     files          blank        comment           code
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				JavaScript                       1            220            189           1277
				-------------------------------------------------------------------------------		
			

Backup and Off-site Storage

The author archives the database and source files to the local computers, Google, Microsoft drives, after changes. The author uses GitHub.com version control.
Development Time

The development time is separable into the time it takes to program, compile, test, deploy. The stored procedure, C#, ASMX, HTML files are build-able in one day, in most use-case.
Reproducible

The deliverable of the author is transferable to other environments to reach similar conclusions.
Database Deployment

The author suggests the following alternative methods for deploying the databases:

    Restore
    Attach
    Snapshot
    SQL Server Data Definition Language (DDL)

Surrogate Keys

" The author takes advantage of potential natural primary keys; otherwise, the author uses surrogate keys. A surrogate key may be an identity or GUID type column. URIs are examples of natural primary keys. " (Joseph Sack, 2008)
"
Application Programming Interface (API)
" (Consumer-Centric API Design)

    The common url scheme, endpoint, that the author prefers for security reasons is https://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering
    The Top Level Domain (TLD) is the same for both the website and the API, thereby allowing for sharing of cookies.
    Content Located at the Root: The practice of the author is to place the website and their companion API files in the same directories, as they are joinable. The author will not uniquely treat API files. The author makes a case for directory browsing, and there is a special help documentation file.
    Microsoft released ASP.NET MVC on December 10, 2007. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/41906110/designing-rest-api-endpoints-path-params-vs-query-params	
    Out of the Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) 4 operations, the API only supports the HTTP read, SQL select statement.
    Filtering Resources: SQL offers a column list, where, top, limit, and order by clauses for matching data.
    Body Formats: The load penalty in XML overweighs the newness of the JSON transport medium.
    HTTP Status Codes: jQuery satisfactorily handles the success or error of an asynchronous operation.
    Expected Body Content: Each API may currently return either a dataset, datatable, or a top level JSON object. The URI database is maintainable via a Patch request type to update a particular record's subset of fields/columns.
    Versioning: The progress includes:
        Migration to computed columns
        Normalization
        Naming Conventions, SQL for example, is generally case agnostic

"Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis"

The exact-match query is to search for a single Bible book, chapter, or verse. In the case of a verse, the top 1 clause is appropriate to efficiently return a single record. The range query is to search for information within a boundary.

The Remember table's ResultOutputFirst bit column is a rare Boolean datatype. It is for documentation purposes and it says the FromUntil period is known and it is used to determine either the FromDated or UntilDated column.

An identity column is a specialization of the integer data type, in that the database issues the next sequence. Most of the tables make use of the identity column as a surrogate primary key.

The aggregate or composite type attempts to store each particular type in its own table, when this is not optimum then normalization calls for several tables distribution joined within one view. The contact record is a single logical datatype spread to multiple physical implementations.

When the author hears a word, what does he do with it? He dates the word, he expresses it grammatically, and he finds a place for it in his memory. For a later date, the author reminds himself.
Problems, Algorithms, and Programs
Problem

When we hear the word, how do we endeavor in Him?
Function, Input, and Output

The input is the word as the only parameter. The output will find meaning in the word of God. The response of the computer is within the range of the result set.
Sets and Relations

The alphabets and words make-up the author's work. The composition of the words is indefinite.

    The ASCII table set composes 26 upper and lower case alphabets. Their places will originally decide the AlphabetSequenceIndex.
    The digits and their larger representations of numbers are also in the ASCII table. These are computable in determining the AlphabetSequenceIndex.
    The null character is in the Word column, when there is only commentary.
    Cardinality: Microsoft SQL Server places a limit on the maximum size of a VARCHAR column type, 8000. When there are 2 or 3 words, the author does further computation.

Asymptotic Algorithm Analysis

The computer serves the author in due time. The size of the users' input, the number of users, and the complexity of their requests will weigh on the system.

This is the approximation measurement of how long it should normally take to determine the AlphabetSequenceIndex. The prediction is the length of the word multiplied by the average period taken to determine the place of each alphabet. The growth rate is that the processing time increases, as the size of the input grows. There is linear growth, since the growth rate is constant.
Best, Worst, and Average Cases

There is no variation in time for determining the AlphabetSequenceIndex and AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference. The size of the word will influence AlphabetSequenceIndex, but this should not be noticeable. When parsing and retrieving scripture reference and Bible word, there may be size and time differences.
Calculating the Running Time for a Program

The author uses a for loop to calculate the AlphabetSequenceIndex.


var alphabetSequenceIndex = 0;
word = word.ToUpper();
var asciiA = 65;
for 
(
	var index = 0, lengthSize = word.length;
	index <= lengthSize;
	++index
)
{
	if (Isalpha(word[index]))
	{
		alphabetSequenceIndex += (int)word[index] - asciiA + 1;
	}
}	
				

The cost of executing the for loop is Θ(word.lengthSize)

Lists

One of the few occasions that the author uses a list is when building the Exact table. The author creates a list of words and stores this transient information in memory. The author checks the existence of each word in the list. When it is a new word, the author appends it to the bottom of the list. Otherwise, the author increments its occurrence. At the completion of parsing the words, the author stores the list in a database table. Creating the exact table is a one-time operation, and it takes a couple of hours to complete.

The author is comfortable and familiar with using datasets and datatables for work areas. The author uses JSON as a transport medium.
"A generic grouping of concepts and their representation"
Module 	Unit
GetAPage.html 	retrieveAlphabetSequence()
AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx 	Query(word)
AlphabetSequence.cs 	ID(word)
ScriptureReference(int alphabetSequenceIndex).
DataCommand.cs 	DatabaseCommand()
WordEngineeringSchema.sql 	WordEngineering.dbo.udf_AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference(ID)
GetAPage.html Program Flow

The event handlers are the first code the system executes. These are the page load, submit click, item change events. If this is a page load event, and it is not a postback, and the query string has a word argument, then the processing of the word occurs. If this is a postback, then it is the user's data entry that the system processes. The term processing means the browser submits the word to the back-end asynchronous web services and renders each result.
International Standard ISO/IEC 25010. Systems and Software Engineering -- Systems and software Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) -- System and Software Quality Models. First Edition, 2011-03-01.

Software quality is demonstrable in eight characteristics: maintainability, functional suitability, performance efficiency, compatibility, usability, reliability, security, and portability.
Maintainability
Corrective Maintenance

This is error correction.
Adaptive Maintenance

Transition from building console to web applications.
Perfective Maintenance

The author now considers partial and lookback scripture references. Such as, when there is no book title, then this default to the earlier book title.

Choosing the right .NET Framework Data Providers. The author standardized on ODBC; the other choices are OLE DB, or SQLClient.
Preventive Maintenance

Servicing the system to avoid larger mishaps.
Metric Quality Profiles
Unit Size Quality Profiles
Module 	Unit 	Lines of Code
GetAPage.html 	retrieveAlphabetSequence() 	40
AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx 	Query(word) 	10
AlphabetSequence.cs 	ID(word) 	50
ScriptureReference(int alphabetSequenceIndex). 	10
DataCommand.cs		DatabaseCommand() 	90
SQL Server		WordEngineering.dbo.udf_AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference(ID) 	105
Sum 	325

Determining the AlphabetSequence takes 325 lines of code, which starts and callbacks 40 lines of AJAX code and concludes with 200 lines of database interaction. A unit of code should not exceed 15 lines.

All the web services (.asmx) files return JSON by default; the AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx file, Query method, returns a hand crafted JSON which has a numeric AlphabetSequenceIndex and a string AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference.
Limit the number of branch points per unit to 4

The C# compiler will translate code to an intermediate language (IL). This code runs Just In Time (JIT), according to the condition clauses and operators.

In the case of dynamic SQL, re-compiling imposes cost.
"
The Twelve-Factor App
"

    Codebase: The WordEngineering application is storable in the GitHub.com version control with a one-to-one mapping between the codebase and the application. There are multiple but separate websites that access the InformationInTransit.dll. The author builds the InformationInTransit.dll in the developer's working directory, and deploys the InformationInTransit.dll in each production's website bin directory. The steps for storing files in GitHub.com are:
        git status
        git add
        git commit
        git push
    Dependencies: The web.config file identifies the .net library versions that the environment should contain. The third-party supporting libraries are in the software bundle.
    Config: The web.config file contains the database connection strings; web services user specific credentials. The system adminstrator at external locations may customize these information for there specific use.
    Backing services: These are external independent resources, such as the database, SMTP.
    Build, release, run: These are the stages that a code goes through. Code compilation is deferrable for scripting, as opposed to compilable languages. Ever since the advent of the Java programming language, Just-In-Time (JIT) execution has been the norm.
    Processes: The author's earlier applications were stand-alone console applications that are run by the .NET Framework, later examples are the ASP.NET web pages and services. These applications run in a single thread, except they share static variables. The SQL Server encompasses services which are stoppable to do data files backup.
    Port binding: Web servers traditionally run on port 80, and SQL Server runs on the changeable port 1433. Javascript's Node and Python's Flask run on diversified ports.
    Concurrency: The author isolate his applications from the particulars of the base scaling concurrency choice.
    Disposability: The author's take on expendable work includes the following:
        Pure functions
        On-demand compilation of web pages and services
        Adjustable time-out setting for the database and web request threads
        The .NET Framework minute work, such as, the singleton design pattern, and static method calling and variable(s) initialization
    Development/production parity: By first finalizing non repeatitive work, the author can now focus on specialization activities.
        The time gap: These include placing the common work in a central environment. Superseding the waterfall methodology with the more recent process, Agile and Scrum.
        The personnel gap: Dev/ops expertise
        The tools gap: The author prefers the stable infrastructure to the fly-by-night trends. Testing on the multiple operating systems and the various programming languages reflects the author's wish for compatibility. Prior to advent of the Internet, communication did not support a worldwide trend; therefore, the need for distributing scaling, that is remote applications depending on the scarce resources.
    Logs: The author logs exceptions, that is, viewable in the Event Viewer. The author displays error messages to the user, the .NET Framework determines the detail, and the localhost address offers in-depth perculiarities.
    Adminstration processes: These are one-off tasks that the environment demands of the knowledge worker. The tools are available everywhere for achieving the goal. Prior to graphical user interface (GUI), these are command-line responsibilities.

Who, what, when, where, why?
Who

The author gives credence to the information source. Whenever it is possible, the author identifies the speaker. If the source is attributable to him, the author rarely explicitly identifies himself.

What

The primary contribution of the author is the word. The author draws upon the word of God and tries to derive meaning.

When

God gives most of His information in a dream, vision or face-to-face.

How do people place date? On each day of the week ( Genesis 1-2 )? Seniority comes first ( John 1:15, John 1:27, John 1:30 ).

Where

The author refers to the physical location or scenery of participation.

Why

The endeavor of the author is to share the word.

Artificial Intelligence
Deep Learning

Utterances are storable in the Word column of the HisWord table. An expressible event is storable in the Commentary column. The information relay is the basis for more computation in the HisWord_View and Remember_View tables.
" Machine Learning "
(Goodfellow et al. 2016).

Our entirety chiefly pertains to Him.
Multilayer Perceptron (MLP)

DateDifference.html is browser computation, built on JavaScript. The overall function calls particular functions for determining the days difference in the Biblical and Gregorian Calendar.

DateDifference.aspx is a server-side C# ASP.NET web form.

The Remember's table computed columns are Transact-SQL and SQL-CLR functions.

Our computation is separable to back-end and forward-end code residence; SQL-CLR provides the opportunity to have functionality callable from both parts.

Code re-use sounds good, but it is dependent on many factors.
Feature

He addressed time. Each information the author measures is a feature that the author appraises. The features are the words spoken and the events seen.
Factors of Variation

These are out of context attributes that influence the outcome. Outside the context of managing. Their influence is not determinable.
Depth of the Computational Graph

The author does ASCII code alphabet place summations. There is just not one result, but a set of alternatives; the user may select the most right. For example, AlphabetSequence, produces an index and a scripture reference. The depth in the case of AlphabetSequence is two, with the first result, index, acting as an entry to the second result, scripture reference. The index is an arithmetic calculation, addition; the second result, scripture reference, is a composition algorithm that includes determining the beginning and end span, for the chapter and verse.
Depth of the Probabilistic Modeling Graph

This checks the path to our succession, the thread between concepts. Earlier and recent entries are comparable. The earlier Bible versions serve as a resource for the later versions of the Bible.
Probability

Formerly, the HisWord's table primary key is its Word column, and in SQL Server the maximum size of a unique key is 900 bytes; therefore, the limit of its distinct entries is 900 ^ (2 ^ 8) = 900 ^ 256 = 1.932334983228891510545406872202e+756.
Degree of Belief

In GetAPage.html the author will consider the word(s) AlphabetSequenceIndex and AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference. The AlphabetSequenceIndex and AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference correlate. Each word is a feature, however, hidden and has a contributing influence on the result.

In the BibleWord section, the author will look at each word, in the context of the sentence, and see if it is in the Bible, as a phrase or word combination.

In the BibleDictionary section, the author will explain the meaning of each word. The degree of belief is most certain; since we display each word found in the Bible dictionaries.
Frequentist Probability

In GetAPage.html the same input will produce the same result; because the database is consistent. When the user enters a new word, this trains the system.

WordEngineering started out as the author trying to use the Bible to decipher God's word; however, to do growth, personalization, customization, appeal to more audience. Our task is to see them, say, I done ( John 19:30 ) . Specifications...is done.
Bayesian Probability

Making specific, a generalization; given one result set, can the author make a general result? Does it stand the test of a general audience? Does a sample, qualify for the total?
Random_variable

The AlphabetSequenceIndex may range between 1 and (8000 * 26), 1...208000; 8000 being the largest length of a SQL Server VARCHAR datatype column, and the count of alphabets being 26. This is a discrete set; since it is finite.
Probability Mass Functions

Each sentence will give the same result, and this value is a weighted value of the result set; please note that vowels are probably more popular than consonants, and parts of speech have different frequencies of occurrences.
" Statistics Terms "
(Bruce et al. 2017).
Key Terms for Data Types
Continuous

The Dated column is a valid DateTime, and generally, it is ongoing, rarely does the author backdate.
Discrete

The identity columns and AlphabetSequenceIndex are integer values; that fall into a small unique set.
Categorical

The AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference is of the scripture reference type, and it is a string.
Binary

The Testament column is either Old or New.
Ordinal

The identity columns are all ordinal, following an ascending order.
Key Terms for Rectangular Data
Data frame

The data storage is a relational database; other options include spreadsheet, comma separated value (CSV), eXtensible mark-up language (XML), JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) file format.
Feature

The most important predictor columns are the Word, Dated, and ContactID.
Outcome

The dependent columns include the AlphabetSequenceIndex, AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference and FromUntil date difference.
Records

A row in a spreadsheet is comparable to a database table record.
Software Engineering
Programmer's Workbench (PWB)

" This technology will make all the before and current versions of the code accessible, re-viewable, and testable. " All the words that the author hears while sleeping are recordable and the author has never had any tendency to alter this utterance from the LORD. When the author is awake and he says something, out of his own volition and pre-meditation, he has massaged this information, but now he rarely does so. The words in the past and future event dates are useful for remembrance entries. As the author technically matures, he automates manual work.

The dreams are re-collect-able, and recallable ( Numbers 12:6-8 ).
Web Design Fundamental
" I have made what I have spoken, ready " (Jakob Nielsen).
Business Model

The Bible fits man's perception. The author adapts to what he learns.
Project Management

The author is querying the Bible database. The first step of work is to store the Biblical text in an electronic medium. The second step of work is to create an application layer that will access this information in a non-proprietary format. The on-going work is to present as relevant today.
Information Architecture

How will this scriptural text bring new originality? What events of today, follow the text?
Page Design

What He brings to us, is a form of Him.
Content Authoring

How query means more (Isaiah 43:22)?
Linking Strategy

This is what I have done; this is what you will do. What did we understand as His part, what did we understand as our future? To reflect, My correlate. In an anchor, if there is no href attribute or its empty; then the browser should link to the default search engine as its destination and pass its innerText. Alternatively, when the user right clicks on a browser hyperlink, there may be a suggestion option for the search engine to re-direct to a specific web page or to list URIs as in a browser search. Supplementary information for a href attribute is meta-data and whois.com.
Web

" We will make advancement over Tim Berners-Lee earlier idea of a unified web: " (Jakob Nielsen).

    Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) will offer customization of what the user views by the use of, for example, Media Queries.
    Single Page Application (SPA) will circumvent the unit of navigation.
    Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is supportable by other means of specifying information, such as Global Positioning System (GPS) Geo-Location.
    Clients such as browsers store information on cookies, local and session storage.

Hypertext

" The author presents this dissertation in a hypertext format. The table of content is to the left and it contains focusing anchors and internal links, to the rest of the document which is to the right. The references section contains broadening links to external documents, which are available on the web. The web applications do not contain internal links. Same Origin are for retrieving scripture reference, Bible word; Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) are for requesting information from external URIs. "
Characteristic
Resilient

GetAPage The Bible is separable into parts; these are books, chapters, verses. Dividing a life, according to purpose (Matthew 1:17). 14 Biblical Generations = 14 * 40 * 360 = 201600.

DateDifference.aspx The .NET Framework, C# and SQL Server support the Common Era; the date ranges between 0001-01-01 and 9999-12-31. The date difference will display correctly for the time interval - days, Biblical Calendar, and all the dates after the introduction of the Gregorian Calendar.
Declarative

SQL, Linq, CSS are declarative languages, but JavaScript is a functional language.
Contextual

Enhancements to JavaScript, such as const and let influence hoisting. So does script literal, strict mode, class.

The C# class container model and the optional namespace alias content the author.

Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is modular, and its rules trickle down.
Continuous

Placing the App_Offline.htm file in the virtual directory of the web application will shut-down the application, unload the application domain from the server, and stop processing any new incoming requests for the application.

A single batch file, with a single command line, builds the only .dll, InformationInTransit.dll
csc /out:InformationInTransit.dll /target:library /recurse:*.cs /reference:System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement.dll,"bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll","bin\Debug\iTextSharp.dll","bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll","bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll","bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll","bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll","C:\WINDOWS\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\WPF\PresentationFramework.dll","bin\Debug\System.Speech.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.Adapters.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.DmfSqlClrWrapper.dll","C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SQL Server\100\SDK\Assemblies\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.dll",Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll /nowarn:162,168,219,618,649 /unsafe
After testing, InformationInTransit.dll is deployable to the WordEngineering's virtual directory, bin sub-directory. This transfer is via the xcopy command or the Microsoft Windows Explorer user interface (UI).

When the content of a server-side file with an .aspx or .asmx extension changes, the ASP.NET framework automatically re-compiles for serving future requests.

jQuery by John Resig is for making Ajax calls to the server. The more recent fetch command is also useful in later cases. jQuery helps to load the latest copy of the author's JavaScript repository 9432.js; since browser caching occurs for JavaScript files for a length of time.

The single .css file 9432.css is callable at the bottom of each .html file's head node; JavaScript statements are in the last lines of the .html files. This means that the browser knows how to show the HTML elements before reaching their origination, and the browser's JavaScript engine will not reference a HTML node before the declaration of its definition.

Set a Database to Single-user Mode

		ALTER DATABASE WordEngineering
		SET SINGLE_USER
		WITH ROLLBACK IMMEDIATE;
		GO
		ALTER DATABASE WordEngineering
		SET READ_ONLY;
		GO
		ALTER DATABASE WordEngineering
		SET MULTI_USER;		
			

If the research of the author is a team effort; the additional expense, time and effort, in staged deployments, is justifiable; such as development, test, production phases.

The author will place non-Microsoft DLLs in the virtual directory bin sub-directory, and the author will refer to Microsoft DLLs in the web.config file.

The web.config is generally consistent across deployment, the only variable is the database server name, and when the application and database server exists on the same machine, the connectionStrings may use Data Source=(local);Initial Catalog=master;Integrated Security=SSPI. This means that the author will explictly specify the database, object owner, and system object name. The Application pool will take care of the security. There are no environment variables, in use, at this time. The HTML files, when calling web services, will specify the full virtual directory path, but when appending css and JavaScript files, relative directories will suffice, full path directory and filename is unnecessary and an overkill.

The author standardized on Microsoft SQL Server as the relational database of choice. There are several alternatives in the market. All database interaction goes through one access point, DataCommand.cs, only this single file needs re-work if there is a database variety change.

When running a unit of code, for the first time, it will initialize the static variables. The ScriptureReference.html will issue a unique quote-of-the-day, every day; and a random quote, every time. The author program uses the release version of jQuery, which is the most up-to-date. The web services, such as, Sefaria.org, should not need code-revisit. The code in the third-party libraries, such as, Newtonsoft.Json.dll, is consistent, and should rarely need re-deployment.

The application is mostly stateless except for the database read.

Internet Information Server (IIS) HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) by default runs on port 80, like other web servers, but this is modifiable.

Using the current architecture, the author takes care of concurrency and deadlocks; because database writes rarely occur and are short, reads are tolerant.

The threads are simple and conclusive; therefore, there are small start-up and short-down periods.

There is unity between the development and production team, environment, and time frame. The same knowledge worker can write, deploy, and run code.

The author has experience, reporting web server logs, using WebTrends. The author relies on Event Viewer for logging and monitoring exceptions. The SQL Server Management Studio offers the Error Log, for viewing the database activities.

The SQL Server Maintenance Plan is for scheduling full database and transaction log backup, periodically.

" To reduce database load, the author considers the selection operation - where clause, distinct and top; projection operation - specify the column list, and not use the universal *, for all columns. Rarely does the author join tables, minimizing the work and resultset, in a set-level language. " (DB2 Developer's Guide).
HTML5
Semantic Elements

The author makes heavy use of the table semantic element for rendering tabular information. The author uses the input element and specifies either the text, number or date type attribute. The author tries the canvas and video elements for proof-of-concept.
Non-Semantic Elements

The div and span elements are for rendering block and in-line information. The author uses the div as a container for the ubiquitous result set; which may contain a single or multiple tables. The span is a space for a non-block display.
Communication of God

    Audio: God first communicated with me by His Word.
    mit-out sound (MOS): This means of communication may occur when God intends interpretation or translation by a third-party.
    Video: This is the most resourceful use.

Biblically
What did the Jews used numbers for, as mentioned in the Bible?

    Time: Creation...end time, period of life, marriage, worship, occupation, anniversary, prophecy and fulfillment, schedule
    Babel: One language and of one speech ( Genesis 11:1, Genesis 11:9 )
    Witness: Two or three ( Deuteronomy 17:6, Deuteronomy 19:15, Matthew 18:16, 2 Corinthians 13:1, 1 Timothy 5:19, Hebrews 10:28, Revelation 11:3 )
    No man could number ( Revelation 7:9, Matthew 10:30, Luke 12:7 )

How are names issued Biblically?

    God initial naming such as, Adam, Ishmael, Isaac, John the Baptist, Jesus (Genesis 5:2, Genesis 16:11, Genesis 17:19, Luke 1:13, Isaiah 7:14, Matthew 1:23)
    God name changes such as, Abram to Abraham, Sarai to Sarah, Jacob to Israel (Genesis 17:5, Genesis 17:15, Genesis 32:28, Genesis 35:10)
    Family naming, such as, Eve, Cain, Seth (Genesis 3:20, Genesis 4:1, Genesis 4:25)

The word is the author's file naming convention.

What did He decide to join in? Word 	Scripture Reference
Levitical Priesthood 	Luke 1
Davidic Covenant 	Luke 1:32
But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting. 	Micah 5:2
Out of Egypt have I called my son. 	Hosea 11:1, Matthew 2:15
Galilee of the Gentiles 	Matthew 4:15
Father's house 	John 14:2

What is time in Him? Word 	Scripture Reference
Forgiveness versus (VS) judgment 	Matthew 8:17, Isaiah 53:4
Fruitful versus (VS) barren 	1 Samuel 2:5
Bless versus (VS) curse 	Genesis 12:3, Genesis 27:12, Genesis 27:29, Numbers 22:6, Numbers 22:12, Numbers 23:11, Numbers 23:25, Numbers 24:9-Numbers 24:10 , Deuteronomy 11:26, Deuteronomy 11:29, Deuteronomy 23:5, Deuteronomy 29:19, Deuteronomy 30:1, Deuteronomy 30:19, Joshua 8:34, Judges 17:2, Nehemiah 10:29, Nehemiah 13:2, Psalms 37:22, Psalms 62:4, Psalms 109:17, Psalms 109:28, Proverbs 3:33, Proverbs 11:26, Proverbs 27:14, Proverbs 30:11, Jeremiah 20:14, Zechariah 8:13, Malachi 2:2, Matthew 5:44, Luke 6:28, Romans 12:14, James 3:9
Naked versus (VS) adorned 	Revelation 21:2

How does He sum Himself? Word 	Count 	Scripture Reference
What did He want of Himself? 	God and the Lamb 	Genesis 1:16, Revelation 21:23, 1 John 3:2
Sabbatical rest 	7 	Genesis 2:2-3
A help for Adam: Eve 	2 become 1 	Genesis 2:18-25
Esau and Jacob 	2 nations are in your womb 	Genesis 25:23
10 plagues in Egypt...Passover 	10th...14th day Passover 	Exodus 12
Temple Resurrection 	46 years was Solomon's Temple in building and Jesus Christ will resurrect in 3 days 	John 2:20

2023-08-26T20:00:00
For the 2nd day consequetively I am wearing a green Fruit of the Loom t-shirt. Best trademark. 50% cotton. 50% polyester. Exclusive of decoration. Made in Honduras. XL/EG/TG. Black Adidas track trouser with 3 white stripes on each side.
At the intersection of Mallard Common 4750 and Woodduck Common 4740, South East. The garage door of Mahdu is opened. Probably Hindi male in dark blue shirt drives southward. You have said, everything you need to say.
On Decoy Terrace between Mallard Common and Siward Drive, South Center. I thought of Vivian Siu and her demand for me to wear better clothing. At the intersection of Decoy Terrace and Siward Drive, South East. God asked, Why? Do you like Me?
To create one for who? Type 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Spirit 	Image...Truth 	John 4:24
Word 	Prophecy...Fulfillment 	John 1:1

2023-10-09T11:55:00 How-to do time? To work on time?

    Once data is input...it must be read? Subsequent work may include proof-reading, archiving and housekeeping.

2022-10-06T05:19:00
Where does He bring us to a place? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Where 	I have only lived in former British colonies, namely Nigeria, the United States of America (USA), and Australia. 	Genesis 13:14
When 	

    Departure: On Sunday 1999-01-17 I flew out of Sydney.
    Arrival: On Monday 1999-01-18 I re-located to California, Martin Luther King's day.

JAL JAPAN AIRLINES 1999-01-17 SYDNEY TOKYO 1999-01-17T10-30 1999-01-17T18:05 JL 772 M SUN KINGSFORDSMITH TERMINAL 1 NARITA TERMINAL 2 AIRCRAFT 747 NON STOP 9:35 DURATION. JAL JAPAN AIRLINES 1999-01-18 TOKYO SAN FRANCISCO 1999-01-18 1999-01-18T09:55 JL 2 M MON NARITA TERMINAL 2 INTL TERMINAL 1 AIRCRAFT 744 NON STOP 8:55 DURATION. 	Genesis 17:1
How 	How beyond our age? 	Genesis 25:23

2023-10-05T10:13:00
A rest Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Jesus Christ 	Son of God 	Hebrews 5:8
Tithes 	Levi 	Hebrews 7

2023-10-04T11:52:00
Particular use? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Man 	Image of God, help, seed of the woman, possession, prince, tribe 	Genesis 2:5
Place 	Jerusalem 	2 Kings 21:4

2023-08-29T12:02:00
No land ties Birth name 	Title 	Physical place 	Spiritual place 	Scripture Reference
Jesus 	King of the Jews 	Bethlehem, Egypt 	Jerusalem 	Matthew 2:1
Moses 	Prince of Egypt 	Egypt 	High mountain 	Exodus 2:10

2023-08-27T08:17:00
Why exclude the future? Actor 	Word 	Scripture Reference
Cain 	Offering 	Genesis 4:1-17

Our type can relate a few? Who are you, therefore, about? I cannot grow as the same? Word 	Jacob 	Jesus Christ
Covenant 	Abrahamic 	Messianic
Sacrifice 	Isaac 	Jesus Christ
Patriach 	Abraham, Isaac, Jacob 	Jesus Christ
People 	Israelite, Jew 	Christian
Fear 	Isaac 	God

Saul versus (VS) David Will love accept? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Spirit of God 		1 Samuel 10:6, 1 Samuel 10:10, 1 Samuel 11:6, 1 Samuel 16:13, 1 Samuel 16:14, 1 Samuel 16:15, 1 Samuel 16:16, 1 Samuel 16:23, 1 Samuel 18:10, 1 Samuel 19:9, 1 Samuel 19:20, 1 Samuel 19:23, 1 Samuel 28:3, 1 Samuel 28:7, 1 Samuel 28:8, 1 Samuel 28:9, 1 Samuel 30:12, 2 Samuel 23:2, 1 Chronicles 10:13
Contribution to the Gospel 	The Book of Psalms 	2 Samuel 22:1, 2 Samuel 23:1, Psalms
Successor 	Jonathan versus (VS) David 	1 Samuel 20:30
Genealogy 	14 generations 	Matthew 1:17
Kingdom established 		1 Samuel 13:13-14, 1 Samuel 15:28, 1 Samuel 20:31, 1 Samuel 24:20, 1 Samuel 28:17, 2 Samuel 5:12-25
Anoint 		1 Samuel 2:35, 1 Samuel 9:16, 1 Samuel 10:1, 1 Samuel 12:3, 1 Samuel 12:5, 1 Samuel 15:1, 1 Samuel 15:17, 1 Samuel 16:3, 1 Samuel 16:6, 1 Samuel 16:12, 1 Samuel 16:13, 1 Samuel 24:6, 1 Samuel 24:10, 1 Samuel 26:9, 1 Samuel 26:11, 1 Samuel 26:16, 1 Samuel 26:23, 2 Samuel 1:14, 2 Samuel 1:16, 2 Samuel 1:21, 2 Samuel 2:4, 2 Samuel 2:7, 2 Samuel 3:39, 2 Samuel 5:3, 2 Samuel 5:17, 2 Samuel 12:7, 2 Samuel 12:20, 2 Samuel 14:2, 2 Samuel 19:10, 2 Samuel 19:21, 2 Samuel 22:51, 2 Samuel 23:1, 1 Kings 1:34, 1 Kings 1:39, 1 Kings 1:45, 1 Kings 5:1, 1 Kings 19:15, 1 Kings 19:16, 2 Kings 9:3, 2 Kings 9:6, 2 Kings 9:12, 2 Kings 11:12, 2 Kings 23:30, 1 Chronicles 11:3, 1 Chronicles 14:8, 1 Chronicles 16:22, 1 Chronicles 29:22, 2 Chronicles 6:42, 2 Chronicles 22:7, 2 Chronicles 23:11, 2 Chronicles 28:15, Psalms 2:2, Psalms 18:50, Psalms 20:6, Psalms 23:5, Psalms 28:8, Psalms 45:7, Psalms 84:9, Psalms 89:20, Psalms 89:38, Psalms 89:51, Psalms 92:10, Psalms 105:15, Psalms 132:10, Psalms 132:17
Popular 	Saul has slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands. 	1 Samuel 18:7-8
Notorius 	Gibeonites 	2 Samuel 21
Ally 	Michal, Jonathan 	1 Samuel 19:17, 1 Samuel 20
Water 		1 Samuel 12:17, 2 Samuel 5:20

What will relate as I grow? 841 occurrences of king David in the Old Testament. Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
Genealogy 	Abraham, David, Jesus Christ 	Matthew 1:17
Reign for a generation 	Moses, Saul, David, Solomon 	Deuteronomy 29:5, Judges 3:11, Judges 8:28, 1 Samuel 4:18, 2 Samuel 5:4, 1 Kings 2:11, 1 Kings 11:42, 2 Kings 12:1, 1 Chronicles 29:27, 2 Chronicles 9:30, 2 Chronicles 24:1
Biography 	David, Jesus Christ 	1 Chronicles 29:29, Ruth 4:17, Ruth 4:22, Psalms 40:7, Hebrews 10:7, Matthew 5:18, Psalms, 1 Samuel, 2 Samuel, 1 Chronicles, 2 Chronicles
Davidic covenant 		Psalms 89:3, Isaiah 55:3, Jeremiah 33:21

What regularity of changes? Event 	Frequency 	Scripture Reference
Creation 	Daily, Sabbathical rest 	Genesis 1, Genesis 2:1-3
Times of the Jews versus (VS) times of the Gentiles 	490 years 	Luke 21:24, Jeremiah 25:11-12, Jeremiah 29:10, Daniel 9:2, Zechariah 7:5
First resurrection 	1000 years 	Revelation 20:5-6

How will you wait on time as the period itself? Callable unit. At Arthur Andersen/Warner Music, Electronic Data Systems (EDS)/Westpac Bank and Macquarie Bank, he did not know when to go. When we look at the Bible, when does it start a new use-case by explicitly mentioning the beginning period of the occasion? Procedure, function or method call 	Commentary
Pascal language 	A procedure does not return a value, whereas a function does.
C# language 	
Method call 	Commentary
Instance method call 	Calling a method of a class instance
Static method call 	Calling a static method of a class
Extension method call 	Calling an instance method that was added to a class
Asynchronous method call 	Calling a method and not waiting for the completion of the task
Base method call 	Calling an inherited method which may have an override clause
Method overloading 	Calling a method that exhibits the signature
Operator overloading 	Concatenation is an example of the string addition operator, +, overloading. StringBuilder is preferred.
Constructor method 	To create and initialize a class instance.
Constructor static method 	To implictly rely on the execution of a one-off method the first time the class is referenced. This is useful for initializing static variables and building a class collection.

Steer Type 	Commentary
Wake-up orientation database table 	This information is currently being interpreted textually. An image, and even more so, a video of the changes in position and direction when sleeping will offer better insight. For the visually implied, the less bandwidth-intensive text may still be satisfactory.
Non-Alphabetic 	AlphabetSequence may not be appropriate for people that use glyphs or sign languages.
Structured query language (SQL) 	The proposed changes which will offer query customization?

    The author transitioned from a multi-column query to a single-line query which has a tendency to return more results because it is not particular. Context fine-tuning is a suggestion.
    With search-engine queries, the author proposes a query-language. This potentially affords better resultset granularity restriction, arrangement option, and maturity of use compensation.

"
Data Science A Hands-On Introduction

This research largely deals with structured data that is put into a relational database. The word is easily associable with a table. The dated column is when the word occurs. The scripture reference column is the guide to the Bible. The columns contain numerical and categorical data. The numbers are the sequence and date columns. The categories are textual and these include the URI, location and scenery columns.

Humans are familiar with the recording of information into tables. The DatesComputation.html is the first time that the author uses pairing data.
" "
How does the work of the author accompany the Bible?
" (Dive into Deep Learning)
The Terminology of Machine Learning in Relation to AlphabetSequence Term	Meaning
Training dataset or training set	The recording of the word in the database.
Example (or data point, data instance, sample)	Each database row or record.
Predict Label (or target)	The corresponding Bible text.
Linearity assumption	The features alphabet places.
Weight	Since the word is the only feature, it is the only influence.
Bias	A starting value.
"
Object Oriented Programming - GetAPage.html
" (LOOPE Lingo Object Oriented Programming Environment)

A type of us; is a kind of us? GetAPage.html is Bible specific.
Parent Scripts and Objects

GetAPage.html contains the HTML5 directive, head, and body sections. The head section contains the title and meta tags for search-engine optimization (SEO). The 3 languages that make up a web page are in the following order: CSS, HTML, JavaScript.

HTML is an element's nodes. There are only single instances of the input and submit elements. There are multiple div containers for the result sets. Although HTML supports attributes, the ID attribute is the author's only general declaration.

Both CSS and JavaScript act on HTML tags. JavaScript and CSS render the contents of HTML.

There are minute uses of global variables. The author discourages this, because of encapsulation and debugging traceability and granularity.
Naming Conventions

JavaScript relaxes variable declarations. Variables do not need explicit declaration, and these declarations are redefinable. In spite of this, the author is judicious about variables. The data- attribute is user customizable.
" The author acknowledges positive bias in his work. Sometimes the author collaborates with what is said to him. The author may add reinforcement to his word. The author values the population average over the sampling average. For example, the Bible is complete, but the work of the author is on-going. " (Andrew Kelleher). " Causation versus (VS) Correlation? Let the involvement of a personal self; resemble the involvement of a useful self. " (Adam Kelleher). " Bias? Being the other? " (Adam Kelleher). "
Search engine optimization (SEO)
Elements

It is only recently that the author has become aware of HTML composition.
Element 	Commentary
Title tag 	The maximum length of the title tag is 60 characters and it is shown on the browser's title bar or page's tab.
Meta Description tag 	This may be upto 155 characters and it indicates the page's content.
Meta tags 	The other meta names include keywords, robots and author.
Heading tags 	H1...H6 with H1 being the most important.
Textual content 	Search engines predominantly optimize for text. Other media are larger in size and duration. When did He promise generational growth ( Psalms 22:30, Genesis 3:15, Genesis 12:7, Genesis 13:15, Genesis 15:13, Genesis 15:18, Genesis 17:8, Genesis 24:7, Genesis 26:3-4, Isaiah 53:10 )?
Alt attribute on the img tag 	Visually impaired people have difficulty comprehending images.
Fully qualified links 	Relative links meet the author's requirement, since is hostable on external sites.
Sitemaps (both XML and HTML) 	A sitemap documents the files and their relationships.

" (Bruce Clay).
Literature Review

Reading improvement? The literature review and bibliography sections are scanty and brief. The justification of the author is that in the Internet age the references and content are available on-line, and putting into words other people's work is not the author's core strength. When the author recounts non-original thoughts, the author mentions this.
Results and Discussion

The information in the Bible, written, thousands of years ago, is true and applicable, today; the words heard by the author is consistent and it correlates with the Biblical theme. It was Me. I was telling you.

This research does not limit itself to a particular Bible subject nor word. But, rather it illustrates the response of the author to the word of God. What artifact can the author produce; in compliance with the word of God? Is the training of the author beneficiary or lacking? Biblical priesthood training and profession; begins at the ages of 25 and 30, respectively. What does God choose as subject ( John 15:15 )?

The author is working on variations of AlphabetSequence: These are not suitable for general use. These are man's exposition of God's word. These are positional.

    2-Words: My Condemn The first word is the BookID; the second word is the VerseID.
    3-Words: Who is your manager? Crazy mister Martin. Mister Martin as a good. The first word is the BookID; the second word is the ChapterID; and the third word is the VerseID.

Biblical numbers for calculation. Biblical separation into Testaments, books, chapters and verses for referencing.

Biblical generation - 40 Biblical years

    2007...2008 Common Era - the author is 40 years old: the author mentions time.
    2021...2024 Common Era - the biological mother of the author is 80 years old: the word recorded by the author is time relevance specific.

The author is linking words spoken to related verses and dictionaries.

    BibleReference uses whole numbers for representation.
    Who, what, when, where, why?
    Prophecy and Fulfillment: Keyword Variation

How-to verify the work of the spirit?

    Is it compatible with the Bible ( John 10:30, John 17:22, 1 John 5:8 )?

Is this a link ( Genesis 41:32, 1 Corinthians 15:45, Acts 9:3, Genesis 5:3 )?
Data Storage
Data Storage Westpac
Where we reside... is where we realize our view.

During my 2nd contract with Westpac, I calculated financial information. I did not know how this data got into the database, nor was I aware of future data update. I am now writing historical experience, I am not writing technical understanding.
Data Storage - DataEntry table
What creates the desire... to be something?

The balance tradeoff... between a persistent table or a computed period? This table was explicitly created on 2024-06-10T03:13:00.
"
Relational Model

    The author progressed from authoring disparate HTML files to recording information in a relational database.
    This transition offers an opportunity to analyze tables, columns and rows.
    Functional dependencies of relationships between columns are determined.
    The Word column in the HisWord table is a determinant but, it is not always unique; therefore, it is not its primary key.

" (Allen G. Taylor, 2019). "
Software Engineer versus (VS) Database Administrator

Keyword 	Software Engineer 	Database Administrator
Programming language 	Instruction set: keyword, syntax, Application Programming Interface (API) 	Structured Query Language (SQL) a data sublanguage
Focus language 	Predominantly English 	American Standard Code for Information Interchange (ASCII)...Unicode culture
Time frame 	Development life cycle - limited by budget. Deprecated code. Automated jobs and events. How much data are we working with? What is the longevity? Asynchronous multitasking 	Eternal - periodic operational cost. Expired data? Scheduled tasks and activities? Backup, housekeeping, sending e-mail, creating files and additional space.
Remember human versus reference identities? For example, Bible word versus (VS) scripture reference 	Context-sensitive help 	Auto-completion
Location 	Read only memory (ROM), Random Access Memory (RAM), hard disk paging. Github.com version control. E-mail body, attachment. Internet front-end files (.html, .js. .css). 	Hard disk. Transaction log, backup files. Back-end data is accessible via web services. Separated into records and columns, tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, user-defined functions.
Threat? For example, virus 	Memory, program file 	Data file
Customization standard 	Strict 	Flexible
Law versus (VS) traditional practice 	Sacrifice 	Mercy
Compatibility 	Legacy? Backward compatible...re-engineering. New, creativity. Framework. 	Progressive

" (Itzik Ben-Gan, 7/3/2023). "
Codd's 12 rules

    The foundation rule: Since 2002, the author has adopted the relational model for storing his data. The author structures his data and queries his data by using the Structured Query Language (SQL).
    The information rule: The physical store is the HisWord table's Word column. This information is later processed logically in the HisWord_View.
    What is pertaining to the data?
    Prior to this word coming, I uploaded the 3 file formats of the dissertation files (.html, .txt, .pdf) from the Windows operating system computer to the UNIX operating system computer Linux variety. I also read each file for the counter-style.
    I take what I started... that I might be what I succeed in.

    (Edgar F. Codd, 1970).
    A conversion page

    Customize the content of an url? This is how the web page implements this technology. This is how-to implement it in your preferred technology. Keyword 	Find what 	Replace with 	Scripture Reference
    Religion 	Idolatory 	Monotheism 	Acts 7:40-43
    Learning 	Egyptian 	Hebrew 	Acts 7:22
    Location 	Egypt 	Promised Land 	Acts 7:3-7
    Vocation 	Ruler and a judge 	Ruler and a deliverer 	Acts 7:10, Acts 7:27, Acts 7:35

    What is remembrance...associate?
        The 2 Transact-SQL functions that the author uses are DateDiff() and DateAdd() with the day metric unit.
        The author's source, Wikipedia.org, places dates in high visibility locations.
        For the most reliable date computations, the author depends on the Biblical calendar.

    "
    Volume, Velocity, Variety

    Keyword 	Commentary
    Volume 	
    sp_spaceused @objname = 'HisWord' Keyword 	Value
    Rows 	115689
    Reserved 	28296 KB
    Data 	17104 KB
    Index_Size 	9648 KB
    Unused 	1544 KB
    Velocity 	The author does manual data entry.
    Variety 	At the beginning, the author parsed XML files into textual relational tables.

    " (Jack Hyman, March 2024). "
    Data Type

    HisWord table
    Qualitative (categorical) non-numerical/discriptive - nominal (non-ordered), ordinal (orderly)
    or
    Quantitative (numerical) uses numbers - discrete (countable), continuous (measurable) Column name 	Column type
    HisWordID	Discrete (countable)
    Dated	Continuous (measurable)
    Word	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Commentary	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Uri	Nominal (non-ordered)
    ContactID	Discrete (countable)
    ScriptureReference	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Filename	Nominal (non-ordered)
    EnglishTranslation	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Location	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Scene	Nominal (non-ordered)
    Data type 	Column type
    Nominal (non-ordered)	Text
    Discrete (countable)	Numerical
    Continuous (measurable)	Date

    " (Jack Hyman, March 2024).

    Time for?
        Birth ( Acts 7:20 )
        Family ( Acts 5:31 )
        People ( Hebrews 3:9 )

    Allowing a person the entirety of time
        Initially, the author's strength lay in the database. The author parsed XML data in datasets, datatables, datarows.
        The author's familiarization with JavaScript meant client-side work.
        What I am good at doing...is what He is good at making ( Genesis 41:32-57, Genesis 1:1-1:2, Genesis 4:26 ).
        Derivation...variety: Processing of a word spoken by God to the author is initiated by GetAPage.html
            GetAPage.html serves as a gateway to specialized links.
            GetAPage.html saves users from having to remember specific URLs and opening multiple browser tabs.
        Technical writer: Do you write it as a manual? Do you write it as describing the functionality ( Daniel 9:24 )?
    O ti di computer
        To calculate the AlphabetSequenceIndex the attempts by hand may suffice
        BibleWord may not be deductible until ignoring the parts of speech
        Date difference difficulty lengthens between the biblical and the Gregorian calendar
    Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio: data entry

    You could say, this is what I do... Why I do it?
        I have had to balance migrating to an Internet interface via using Azure Data Studio, or continuing using the faster, stable, Microsoft proprietary SQL Server Management Studio.
        Where are the differences...companion?
        Experimenting...as the same?
    "
    Influence

        Data:
            Biblical data is hosted locally and accessible via the Internet by linking to web addresses or placing web service requests.
            For over 2 decades, the author has continuously received word that he constantly records and queries. Stipulates?
        Is there a creative need for new data? The Bible is complete, but do we have to find new ways of using it? Is there a divergence or supplement? How do we explain and analyze?
            Language translation
            Familiarity with the subject and tradition. Apply domain knowledge.
            Maturity and relevance to our time
        Choosing a closer relationship with God.
        Software: Algorithms are patentable? The author has not sought to patent AlphabetSequence...it should be open to ideas. We all make our following.
        Hardware: Although the author's doctoral study was on intelligent appliances...he feels drawn to the Bible. God has reminded him of his success...when he is pertaining to Him.

    " (Andrew Glassner, 2021).
    This data...where does it exist?

    Legacy storage of some data types is unnecessary, since this data is computable. For example, concordances are automatically determinable. Dictionaries that contain the meaning of words are available on-line. Computers provide up-to-date versions and translations.

    How-to display the data? After determining the AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference the author currently retrieves and displays in particular the King James Version (KJV) Bible text, and the author provides a hyperlink to a scripture reference page for displaying other Bible versions. This practice follows Google's display of a Wikipedia's sidebar and providing a hyperlink to the particular Wikipedia url. For Bible literates, this regurgitation may be redundant. What programming skills are in demand?
        Issuing a SQL select, and using a cursor to loop through a tabular or variable output, and building an HTML fragment
        Simply creating a HTML anchor to a source url
        Fetching, parsing, and building the results of a web service
    Our comparing our trade ( 1 Samuel 25 ). To be conformable of age.

    Talent and reward?

        What is the cost of entry? There is no monetary investment. The author started when he was unemployed.
        What is the skill-set? To do manually? The order of alphabets is the literacy competency level. To know how to spell words is also useful.

    What opinion of the same do I have?
        Calendar - evening and morning, sun and moon, Passover
        Order of birth - genealogy, leadership - blessing, allotment
    Word direction
        When I hear a word: I try to connect to occurrences
        When I read a word: I try to put it into my own words
        When I recall a word: Separated alike joined together ( Joshua 1:8 )
    Location of content
        Flat files (.html and .xml): Reasoning
        Database: Word from God
        Software: Automation of work
    "
    Laws of Communication

        The Law of Credibility:
            HisWord table Word Column: As much as God spoke it
            Period of Time tables: With respect to time
            BibleWord table and GetAPage.html BibleWord section: King James Version (KJV) dependant
            GetAPage.html HisWord section: Time variant
        For a period of time, we are as we seem we are? What needs a success ( Genesis 4:7, Matthew 14:8, Mark 6:25 )?

    " (John Calvin Maxwell, 2023).

    How as a...result of what? Take a word? Store as a record versus (VS) store as HTML file?
        Domain knowledge and expertise? Personal testimony
        Technical requirement? Data entry versus (VS) HTML performance penalty

    What exactly can we expect...out of the Bible ( Daniel 5:31 )?
        When is the Bible specific about time ( Genesis 41:32, Genesis 41:1, Genesis 41:5, Genesis 41:9, Genesis 41:11, Genesis 41:26-32, Genesis 41:34-36, Genesis 41:43, Genesis 41:46-48, Genesis 41:50-54 )?
    How admissible is the word ( Genesis 41, Daniel 2 )?

    GetAPage.html depends on the word.

    What did I fit into a place?
        Ark of the Covenant
        Temple
        Jerusalem
        Judah
        Israel

    What did He see Himself as?
        Joseph ( Genesis 37:9 )
        Moses ( Acts 7:25 )

    Chuck Missler of Koinonia House Inc., P.O. Box D, Coeur d’Alene, ID 83816 	Author
    Chuck Missler was not listening to his own word. Chuck Missler was listening to the Word read to him. 	
    Chuck Missler was preaching from his understanding of the Bible. 	The author is relating the word spoken to him to the Bible.
    Chuck Missler was trying to convert people to Christianity. Chuck Missler was trying to make believers out of the Bible. 	The author is relating to people. Coming from experience with people.
    	You were trying to reach the Bible...through your word.
    	Interaction with Him. I start writing words received when I sleep. I introduced words when I shower.
    	What I used. Chuck Missler used the Bible... I used myself?
    Robert Law Joss
        2024-06-05T04:49:00 Technically...reliable? Maturity...saturation? Information Age, personal computers (PC), client/server, object-oriented (OO), graphical user interface (GUI), Microsoft Windows Operating System monopoly, relational database, integrated development environment (IDE), labor, cost, support, manual, debugger, help assistance, market, usage, stability, productivity, re-use, distributed, performance, scalability.
        2024-06-05T04:49:00 What do we deserve as our own...what do we reserve as others?
        2024-06-05T04:49:00 Are we doing... the part of God? 2024-06-05T04:49:00 What was I working for? 2004-09-16 Bob Joss said North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). 2024-06-05T05:07:00 Hmm. We’re having trouble finding that site. We can’t connect to the server at www.google.com. If you entered the right address, you can: Try again later Check your network connection Check that Firefox has permission to access the web (you might be connected but behind a firewall) 2024-06-05T05:25:00 2015-10-23DoctoralDissertation.pdf 27 pages. Is America a godly nation? Is NATO a godly organization? 2024-06-05T05:44:00 E:\WordEngineering>git push fatal: unable to access 'https://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/': Could not resolve host: github.com 2024-06-05T06:08:00 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Network_is_the_Computer 2024-06-05T06:23:00 Is Microsoft on the network? 2024-06-05T06:24:00 faeces. 2024-06-05T06:46:00 microsoft windows operating system error calendar folder move.
        2024-06-14 22:20:55.053 Go and search out the land? Albertsons Lucky, Charter Square, north west shopping cart station. Initially, as I moved the shopping carts away from this location, God told me to remember the words He said to me at this location. The word came as I moved the shopping carts from the north east and I walked past. And returned to this location on my route to the south west shopping cart station.
    What offering I have for people? Speak face-to-face 	Dream or vision 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Moses 	Other prophets 	Leader 	Numbers 12:6-8
    Jesus Christ 	Other teachers 	Authority 	Matthew 7:29
    What does He involve? Word 	Actor 	Scripture Reference
    Holy Spirit and people 	Adam 	Genesis 2:7, Genesis 2:20-25, Genesis 4:25-26
    After Mine own heart 	David 	1 Samuel 13:14, Acts 13:22, 1 Samuel 25:3
    Effect of the Progress ( Luke 1:1-4, Daniel 9:22-23 )?
        1...many ( Genesis 1:16, Genesis 1:26-2:4, Daniel 9:2 )
        More at the same ( John 15 ).
    When did Israel...seek no region...as its own ( Acts 1:6 )?
        The prophets
        New Testament
            The Gospels: King of the Jews, the disciples
            Pauline Epistles, General Epistles
            Revelation, starting with the letters to the 7 churches in Asia Minor
    We now fold our task

    Study analysis? What complexity does it reason with? Temple lamb. How can computer use itself? What ability of using? I have stopped using people as Myself.
        The database is not currently multi-user. The HisWord table and the other tables in the WordEngineering database does not have a user column. Other people's point of view are pointed out in the ContactID, URI and scripture reference columns. The later work, The IHaveDecidedToWorkOnAGradualImprovingSystem database offers multi-user support.
        The bulk of the work is query.
        There are input, processing, output. How is your task...duplicable?

    Alphabets and digits. There are 51 occurrences of the word, count, in the King James Version (KJV) Gospel. Word 	Count 	Scripture Reference
    Account 	3 	Matthew 12:36, Matthew 18:23, Luke 16:2
    Accounted 	4 	Mark 10:42, Luke 20:35, Luke 21:36, Luke 22:24
    Counted 	2 	Matthew 14:5, Mark 11:32
    Countetd 	1 	Luke 14:28
    Countenance 	3 	Matthew 6:16, Matthew 28:3, Luke 9:29
    Countries 	1 	Luke 21:21
    Country 	37 	Matthew 2:12, Matthew 8:28, Matthew 9:31, Matthew 13:54, Matthew 13:57, Matthew 14:35, Matthew 21:33, Matthew 25:14, Mark 5:1, Mark 5:10, Mark 5:14, Mark 6:1, Mark 6:4, Mark 6:36, Mark 6:56, Mark 12:1, Mark 15:21, Mark 16:12, Luke 1:39, Luke 1:65, Luke 2:8, Luke 3:3, Luke 4:23-Luke 4:24 , Luke 4:37, Luke 8:26, Luke 8:34, Luke 8:37, Luke 9:12, Luke 15:13, Luke 15:15, Luke 19:12, Luke 20:9, Luke 23:26, John 4:44, John 11:54

    What will count, forever? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Believer in Jesus Christ 	John 11:26
    Kingdom of God 	Daniel 2:44-45
    Charity 	1 Corinthians 8:1, 1 Corinthians 13:1, 1 Corinthians 13:2, 1 Corinthians 13:3, 1 Corinthians 13:4, 1 Corinthians 13:8, 1 Corinthians 13:13, 1 Corinthians 14:1, 1 Corinthians 16:14, Colossians 3:14, 1 Thessalonians 3:6, 2 Thessalonians 1:3, 1 Timothy 1:5, 1 Timothy 2:15, 1 Timothy 4:12, 2 Timothy 2:22, 2 Timothy 3:10, Titus 2:2, 1 Peter 4:8, 1 Peter 5:14, 2 Peter 1:7, 3 John 1:6, Jude 1:12, Revelation 2:19
    First resurrection 	Revelation 20:5-6
    Promised Land 	Revelation 3:12, Revelation 21:2
    Messianic Covenant 	Jeremiah 31:31-33
    Divided according to the children of Israel 	Deuteronomy 32:8

    2022-05-26T14:05:00
    What events in Abraham's life are additions? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Partner 	Sarah, Hagar, Keturah 	Genesis 11:29
    Pilgrimage 	Canaan 	Genesis 12:1-5
    Guidian 	Lot 	Genesis 12:4-5
    Possessional Blessing 		Genesis 14:19
    Faith 	Belief in God, counted for righteousness 	Genesis 15:6
    Covenant 	Abrahamic 	Genesis 15:18
    Seed 	Ishmael and Isaac 	Genesis 16:11
    Name change 	From Abram to Abraham 	Genesis 17:5
    Making mention at ages 	75 years old when he departed out of the land of Haran, had lived in Canaan for 10 years, 86 years old when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram, 99 years old God's request to walk before Him and be perfect, 100 years old gave birth to Isaac, 175 years lived 	Genesis 12:4, Genesis 16:3, Genesis 16:16, Genesis 17:1, Genesis 21:5, Genesis 25:7
    To do without someone 	Separation from his wives and sons, from the physical to the spiritual 	Genesis 15:13, Genesis 21:12, Genesis 22:2, Genesis 23, Genesis 25:6, Acts 7:5-6, Hebrews 11:17-19
    Sarah - the first matriach 	What seems natural as bringing? 	Genesis 18:12, 1 Peter 3:6

    2024-01-17T13:36:00 Alphanumeric Date 	Type 	Word 	Commentary
    2004-07-11 	Money currency 	English pound 45 percent 	The financial stock market has made a concerted effort to keep the British pound from rising beyond forty five percent 45%
    2008-03-11 	Calendar 	September 22 	

    Considering processing and storing

    How can I pass knowledge...as sharing ( Genesis 2:7, 2 Peter 1:21 )?
            Computers consist of microprocessors and memory. A memory is either:
                Read only memory (ROM)
                Random access memory (RAM)
                Hard disk
            Object-orientation combines code with data.
                Code - method
                Data - field or property
            A relational database offers the opportunity... to program and store data. 
            The ID attribute in HTML files for url hashtag is case-sensitive, and it serves for spot reference, and while it is a fragment address, it is the entire unit. A relational database may support the like and between keywords for the partial and range restrictions respectively. Ko le se range checking. It cannot do range checking. There are no abnormality...in certainty. 

    What mentions the name?
        Variable and relative? Time, number ( Genesis 1:1, Genesis 1:16, Genesis 2:2-3, Genesis 2:16-17 ).
        Constant? Name ( Genesis 2:19-23, Exodus 3:14 ).

    What I use people for ( Job 35:6-8 )?
        Sin against people.
        Sin against God.
    How are people as a result of Me?

    A programmable approach

    This I have devoted to...that you may find me useful ( Revelation 2:7, Revelation 22:2, Revelation 22:14, Revelation 21:23, Revelation 21:27, Revelation 3:12, Revelation 21:2 ).
        The SQL is being built dynamically with the Bible version and the query condition clause customizable.
        The output is in the JSON and HTML format with support for export into the CSV, JSON, XML.
    God said. What are the other activities of God? The spirit of God moved. He saw it was good ( Genesis 1 ). When one finds good? That is the meaning ( Genesis 1:16, Genesis 2:19-20, Genesis 4:1-2, Genesis 4:26 ). We demonstrate...how we are. It is not misleading...That is the deception ( Revelation 12:10 ). Appreciate as ( Matthew 16:18 )?

    2023-12-15T08:40:00
    What substitution...we have ahead? Post Resurrection 	Pre Resurrection 	Scripture Reference
    Tree of life 	Bread of life 	Revelation 2:7, Revelation 22:2, Revelation 22:14, John 6:35, John 6:48
    Book of life 	The word of God 	Philippians 4:3, Revelation 3:5, Revelation 13:8, Revelation 17:8, Revelation 20:12, Revelation 20:15, Revelation 21:27, Revelation 22:19
    Antichrist 	Father's name 	1 John 2:18, 1 John 2:22, 1 John 4:3, 2 John 1:7, John 5:43
    Man of sin 	Comforter 	2 Thessalonians 2, John 16:7

    Expendable Data

    The Bible, dictionary and commentary databases should be accessible from central locations, and there should be no need for user storage. For the URI database, the date of publication is constant, but the date accessed may vary by users. Storing user's information is achievable by using local and session storage, cookies, and bookmarks. The date of publication recognition is determinable from Google's last update and YouTube.com. The directory listing includes the last modification date. The node's datetime attribute and the time node give datetime information.
    AlphabetSequence concerns include:

        How essential are we; to the personification of God?
        The spirit man holds
        When did He exchange...His view as ours ( Genesis 18:19 )?
        How are we acceptable; to what is new? How does God, build up, to His word ( 1 Samuel 9:15-17 )?
        Copyright violation: Not giving credit to the original speaker
        Separating the word from the deed
        The grammar needs refining
        Name spelling, for example, Bryan versus Brian
        Non-English alphabets
        British versus American spelling
        Soundex, this is what I heard; this is the interpretation; such as, this versus these, has versus as, there versus their
        Inference, such as, abbreviation
        Differences in Bible verses ( Matthew 23:14, Acts 8:37, Acts 15:34, 3 John 1:15 )
        Naming of words ( Genesis 32:28, Genesis 35:10, Genesis 47:27 )
        We have been doing unconvincing power
        I said, I heard. 2021-04-11T08:37:00 In a location to the North, probably 99 Ranch Market or Marina Food, or Daiso. A young Asian male 1st makes a selection. I am testing black rubber sandals shoes of different sizes, the shoe size written 6 9 is too short, tight, I said, 6 9, in my sleep, while dreaming, I heard (six ten). 2021-08-03T17:22:38 Where are we misguided by flight?
        What does He volunteer as time? AlphabetSequence is resource minimal:
            Doable by hand
            Compute: Not technologically demanding
            Maturity: Since 2002
        Separation into Segment.
        Is this a finalized work, and how is it accessible? It is a transient database.
        Scripture reference in context.
        To complete the life of pleasing God, as I chose men.

    To co-operate as we are. Robert Estienne English Alphabet
    A Comparance of Age

    Divided as separated. Go this way, that way.

    I want to program, but I don't want to match two programs together, except for deep thought.

    See when God grants increase; such as in creation, when God counts the days, and separates it into evening and morning. Increase versus decrease were first explicitly mentioned during Noah's flood. These differences in size we can associate with signs - the sun and the moon. During the day, you need the sun for your activities; during the evening, it is not necessary. Rachel's prayer, and naming of Joseph; Joseph's dreams and interpretations. These counting is explicit, before Exodus, such as, the 10 plagues of Egypt ( Genesis 37:5-11, Genesis 30:24, Genesis 40-41 ).

    TCP/IP is separable into four layers; these are the link, Internet, transport and application layers. No breaking ( Matthew 19:8 ).
    Marriage

    Marriage is not a practice, in the life after, resurrection ( Matthew 22:30, Mark 12:25, Luke 20:35, Revelation 21:2, 2 Corinthians 11:2 ). Co-incidentally, the disciple, who Jesus love, John the apostle, does not mention this event, in the Gospel of John. It is more of a father that wants you. Jesus resurrected, after three days ( Matthew 12:40, Matthew 26:61, Matthew 27:40, Matthew 27:63, Mark 8:31, Mark 14:58, Mark 15:29, Luke 2:46, John 2:19, John 2:20, 2 Corinthians 11:2, Revelation 21:2, Revelation 21:9, Revelation 22:17 ). The breaking of device ( Psalms 34:20, John 19:36 ).

    On the client, HTML is content, CSS is presentation, and JavaScript is behavior. Both ASPX and ASMX are server-side logic.

    The application tier is in a dynamic link library (DLL), and it is separable into client, database, and application logics, but with the advent of language integrated query (Linq), this delineation is slowly diminishing. Linq rivals previous division of labor.

    The database consists of tables, views, indexes, constraints, stored procedures and functions. These programming logic may be SQL or SQLCLR. SQL critics complain that while the rest of software development have progressed, we still use an archaic language; NoSQL is a challenger.
    Visibility ( John 4 )

    The client is accessible from the browser, both the user interface and the source code, along with the errors and exceptions. The interface is made-up of request and response. Text-to-Speech will aid the people with poor visibility. The client handles the human computer interface (HCI). The Bible versions are selectable options in HTML or JavaScript.

    The database contains the real information, that makes-up the result set.
    Lifecycle ( John 3:3, John 3:7 )

    In computing, we have had mainframes and terminals, client/server, Internet, mobile and now cloud. The trend has been from proprietary to open architecture.
    Accompany ( Matthew 4:6, Matthew 18:10 )

    What are the pairing?

    The client started as HTML, but now has JavaScript and CSS.

    CGI originally served the back-end. Flash and plug-ins have made way for other technology, such as HTML5 video and canvas.

    JSON and XML have made in-roads.
    To each resemblance

        Where His word, expected mine? When I get a word from God I could do the following?
            Write the word in my notepad, and never refer to it again.
            Record the word in the WordEngineering database, HisWord table, word column, and associate the accompanying columns.
            Produce an artifact based on the word.

    What do I desire...as part of significance?
        Moses? Prophet ( Exodus 4:10-16, Numbers 12:6-8, Deuteronomy 18:15 ).
        Abraham? Seed ( Genesis 17:5, Genesis 15:2, Genesis 22:2, Genesis 22:12-18, Hebrews 11:17-19 ).

    The drawback of the relational approach?
        Centralized versus (VS) distributed storage?
        Unique foreign key? Master-child? Hierarchical?
        Duplicable
        Maintainability
        Expertise and familiarity? Isolated.
        Spontaneous versus (VS) latency? What to place in the database, what to extract from it?
        When is capacity...full enough?
            Databases may reside inside multiple files.
            Although databases may store different file types. This wasn't the original intention.
            Databases are abstractions.

    Lacking expertise?
        Usability: The author has limited experience with building a user-interface (UI) with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
        Quality Assurance (QA): Some changes break existing code.
        Database neutrality: The database definition language (DDL) and embedded SQL are not portable across all databases. For example, SQLCLR, is in use.
        Adoption by emerging technology? Mobile, cloud...

    What is the supplement?

    Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Greatest Commandment 	Love the LORD thy God. Love thy neighbor as thy self. 	Matthew 22:36-40, Deuteronomy 6:4-9, Mark 12:28-31
    Forerunner 	The law and the prophets were until John 	Luke 16:16

    Is this generation the same?

    Word 	Scripture Reference
    Seed 	Isaiah 53:11, Genesis 3:15
    Lead 	Matthew 23:9, John 15:15
    Interval 	Hebrews 11:39-40

    What did He find... as useful

    What did He find...as useful ( Matthew 21:42, Mark 12:10, Luke 20:17 )? Technology 	Usefulness history
    Microsoft Windows Operating System	Utility
    Microsoft Notepad	Text editor, aged
    Microsoft Internet Explorer (IE)	Browser, deprecated
    Microsoft SQL Server 	Relational database. Single repository which supports:
        Client/Server autonomy. Client embedded-SQL.
            The datetime column defaults.
            The identity column is auto-generable.
            Computed column: What can the computer do for us?
    Microsoft sqlcmd	Command-line interface (CLI). Between the years 2000...2005.
    Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)	Graphical user interface (GUI). Spreadsheet like editor.
    Mozilla Firefox	Multi-tab browser

    Memory Storage

    Work 	Commentary
    Websites storage 	folders.live.com, drive.google.com, github.com/kenadeniji, kenadeniji.wordpress.com
    Refer to dates. 	en.wikipedia.com
    Network computers 	4 including 1 running the Linux Operating System
    Logical hard disk drives 	4 including 1 solely for processing, and the other 3 drives mainly for archive.

    Accessibility to name?

        The first and only word spoken to me in the United States of America (USA) prior to my deportation is, I Am taking you on a journey. The first word spoken to me upon my return to the United States as I prepared to go to a christening in Los Angeles (LA) was Ile eyan mi lon lo yi. Translated it is my person's house you are going to. Location, movement, matters to God. The first word is in English, the colonized language. The second word is in Yoruba, my native language. Where is the expectation of good? Times are expectations.

    What part of me?

        When making man, God made some choices?
            Form: In His image
            Location: Garden of Eden
            Vocation: Caretaker
            Helper: Eve
            Model: First man, mother of all the living.
        How can we resemble His use?
            As a software engineer, I replicate my work.
            When I first started, I automated my manual task. I was working remotely, first at my work place, and later away from my family.
            I initially saw my task as a software engineer, but later as a knowledge worker. Specializing on how to use and bring God.
            I could start my day, reading the news, or scripture of the day. But for some time now, I have done data entry of the previous night and morning.
            Who have I expected to contribute? Who will provide the next step? As a result of who am I? What informs our intelligence?
    What did He associate with His being? What growing up have I chosen alike ( Exodus 2:19 )?

    There are duplicates in the Bible. Type 	Commentary
    Name 	Why the differing name? Man's name change? God name variance. Son of David versus (VS) Son of Man ( 2 Samuel 12:24, 2 Samuel 12:25, 1 Samuel 25:5, 1 Samuel 25:25 ).
        Giving a person's name to a place, such as, Enoch, Israel, Judah, tribes names
        Name changes, such as Abram to Abraham, Sarai to Sarah, Jacob to Israel, Saul of Tarsus to apostle Paul
        Name misspelling, Rahel for Rachel. A rewording of your view.
        Referring to people with their alias, sons of Zebedee, sons of Thunder, Boanerges
        Multiple people bearing the same name, such as John the Baptist, apostle John, the beloved disciple
    Historical Account 	
        Deuteronomy - Rememberance
        Monarchy - Kings versus Chronicles
        Gospels - Our LORD's, life story
        Apocalyptic - Daniel versus Revelation
    Quotation 	
        Retelling previous events
        Prophecy fulfillment
        Answers based on scripture
    Discrepancy between question and answer 	Joshua 5:13-15
    Canaan words repeatition? 	Genesis 12:5
    These duplicates may introduce statistical error and require clarification.

    Contribution
    The Contribution of the Author's Historical Information Unit 	Value
    Metric 	Word, number, date, timespan
    Dream 	Unique
    Freight 	Free
    Cost and Price 	Free
    Expiry Date 	Indefinite
    Ownership 	Shareable
    Audience 	Bible scholars
    Technology 	Practicable low entry point with optional matured technology
    The phases are optional of the progress
        The distribution of allocation? Time, place...
        What exists as the present ( Deuteronomy 32:8 )?
        It is one man doing...it is many doing.
    To seek someone else as I

    Actor 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    God 	Man 	Genesis 1:26-27
    Adam 	Helper 	Genesis 2:18-25
    Eve 	Seed of the woman 	Genesis 3:15
    Leader 	Successor 	Acts 26:29

    What is according to time?

    Word 	Scripture Reference 	Commentary
    Beginning 	Genesis 1:1 	
    Word 	Scripture Reference 	Commentary
    Jesus Christ 	John 1:18, John 3:16, John 3:18, Hebrews 11:17, 1 John 4:9 	Only begotten Son of God	
    Eunuch 	Matthew 19:12 	
    Paul 	Acts 21:39, Acts 22:3, Acts 22:28 	
    Forever 	Matthew 18:22
    Sign rainbow, festival, event, cummulative 	Genesis 1:14

    Where will I be of the same?

    Word 	Scripture Reference
    Burial place 	Ecclesiastes 7:2, Genesis 23:20, Genesis 49:30, Genesis 50:13
    Birth place 	Matthew 2:6
    Matriach's origin 	Genesis 25:20, Genesis 28

    Information Flow
    " Sharing His word; is following His deed. " (Charles M. Kozierok).

    With .asmx web services, the author, standardized on JSON for returning data. The alternative is XML. The preference for JSON, is because of its lighter payload. Another difference, in the result set, the author chooses if to return a dataset, datatable, or scalar? The datatable is useful for a singular resultset. With SQL Query select statements, the column list may refer to *, for returning all the columns, in the order they are arranged in the container, table or view; or otherwise the stricter, specification of each column to return. The author restricts which rows to return, by issuing the conditional where clause; the top 1 select clause is useful, for quote of the day; as it supercedes the set rowcount 1, limitation. The author depends on the database order by clause, for sorting in ascending or descending order, Data is also rankable by clicking on the table's column header.
    Basic Communication Modes of Operation

    The author's SQL Server TCP/IP is turned off; because the author does not want interference from the outside. The author imposes an artificial Simplex Operation; only supporting external read requests, and not allowing updates; which is a one-way traffic of data from the server to the clients. The other options are Half-Duplex Operation and Full-Duplex Operation.
    Quality of Service (QoS)

    Most of the author's web pages transmit textual data; but a few pages offer text-to-speech or video capabilities; these rare application rely on high-grade speciality. The author as a programmer does not meddle with these intricacies; the technology provider takes care of the nitty-grity.
    Parameter Standardization

    The column name is kept consistent in the query string, up-to the naming convention and the case-sensitivity; this also applies to where we specifically refer to a column name in JavaScript. This is most seen, in the Scripture reference and Bible word variables, which the author shares around.
    Global Resource Allocation and Identifier Uniqueness

    The domain name is unique to the organization; and the Javascript code for AJAX explicitly mentions the virtual directory; the internet provider issues the IP address.
    HisWord table nullable columns

    All of the columns in the HisWord table are either system generable (HisWordID, Dated) or nullable ( 1 Samuel 3:19 ) For 	Against
    Prudent	Disposable
    Hyperlink	Diversion
    Quality Assurance (QA)	Prone to error
    God	Man
    Word	Commentary
    Location	Scenery
    Transaction commit rollback	Data cleansing

    Typing Assistant

    What are we replacing person with ( Jeremiah 31:15 )? This is a long trend of disruption... word resonances with AlphabetSequence (Index, Scripture Reference). These are edits. A record is insertable only once. There may be multiple updates. For 	Against
    Man	Machine

    Numbers in themes
        He expressed good as how He felt ( Genesis 1:4, Genesis 1:10, Genesis 1:12, Genesis 1:18, Genesis 1:21, Genesis 1:25, Genesis 1:31, Genesis 2:9, Genesis 2:12, Genesis 2:17-18, Genesis 3:5-6, Genesis 3:22 ).
        He expressed start and end of time ( Genesis 1:1, Genesis 1:5, Genesis 1:8, Genesis 1:13, Genesis 1:19, Genesis 1:23, Genesis 1:31, Genesis 2:1-4 ).
        King of the Jews ( Matthew 2:2, Matthew 27:11, Matthew 27:29, Matthew 27:37, Mark 15:2, Mark 15:9, Mark 15:12, Mark 15:18, Mark 15:26, Luke 23:3, Luke 23:37, Luke 23:38, John 18:33, John 18:39, John 19:3, John 19:19, John 19:21 ).

    To be actual things
        Pronounciation ( Luke 1:13, Luke 1:60 )
        Application ( Luke 1 )
        Spelling ( Luke 1:63 )
        Reference ( Matthew 11:14 )

    In telling the future, there are two parts: prophecy and fulfillment ( Revelation 19:10 ). The author feels that search engines and artificial intelligence (AI) have made sufficient inroads in interpretations.
    What prize at the target?

    What prize at the target? Prize 	Target 	Scripture Reference
    Kowe.exe 	Diversified language 	Genesis 11:9, Revelation 7:9
    http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/tree/main/IIS/Gradual 	I have decided to work on a gradual improving system. 	Psalms 133

    "

    SQL uses set theory, whereas most programming language clients, including LINQ, use row processing or procedural programming. Relational operations:
        Projections: The author will use projections, select clauses, for retrieving the user-specified Bible version column.
        Selections: The particular Bible row verse selections, where clauses, are built using dynamic SQL.
        Joins: Normalization offers the opportunity to segment and in most cases defer from using the join clause. The contact view joins the contact table and its subsidiaries. C# provides datasets which contains datatables and ASP.NET uses GridViews. This is visible in:
        .aspx 	.aspx.cs
        http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordOfGod/blob/master/ContactMaintenance.aspx 	http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordOfGod/blob/master/ContactMaintenancePage.aspx.cs
        http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/Gradual/Contacts/ContactsList.aspx 	http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/Gradual/Contacts/ContactsList.aspx.cs
        Theta join the old convention of placing columns relationships conditions in the where clause has been superseded by the ANSI/ISO join clause.

    " (Kevin Kline, Regina O. Obe, Leo S. Hsu).
    logparser

    The log files for this observation are between 2017-01-02 and 2023-06-08.

    Elements processed: 938499

    logparser.exe "SELECT sc-status, sc-substatus, COUNT(*) FROM *.log GROUP BY sc-status, sc-substatus ORDER BY sc-status" -i:w3c
    sc-status sc-substatus COUNT(ALL *)
    200       0            185115
    304       0            9467

    The count of requests served from the server, HTTP Status code of 200, clearly outweighs 304 HTTP status code, local cache.

    HTTP 500 Status Code, internal server error, sum is approximately 6400.

    logparser.exe "SELECT cs-uri-stem, COUNT(*) FROM *.log WHERE sc-status=500 GROUP BY cs-uri-stem ORDER BY COUNT(*) DESC" -i:w3c

    logparser.exe "SELECT TOP 20 cs-uri-stem, COUNT(*) AS Total, MAX(time-taken) AS MaxTime, AVG(time-taken) AS AvgTime FROM *.log GROUP BY cs-uri-stem ORDER BY Total DESC " -i:w3c
    cs-uri-stem                                                                       Total MaxTime  AvgTime
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----- -------- -------
    /                                                                                 43980 18711085 769
    /WordOfGod/ContactMaintenance.aspx                                                25272 303113   957
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/DateDifference.aspx                                    12821 529647   201
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReferenceWebService.asmx/Query                9138  520928   713
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleDictionaryWebService.asmx/GetAPage                7211  347890   1323
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/WordToNumberWebService.asmx/RetrieveScriptureReference 7052  258768   1285
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/AlphabetSequenceWebService.asmx/Query                  7048  227800   1213
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/HisWord.asmx/APairingOfOurSum                          7045  384623   2972
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleWordWebService.asmx/GetAPage                      7039  258120   3267
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/NumberSignWebService.asmx/TalentBonding                6937  219007   1138
    Press a key...
    cs-uri-stem                                               Total MaxTime AvgTime
    --------------------------------------------------------- ----- ------- -------
    /WordOfGod/URIMaintenanceWebForm.aspx                     6803  62837   400
    /robots.txt                                               3537  137904  755
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/9432.js                        3518  212131  181
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/9432.css                       2830  225968  120
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleWordWebService.asmx/Query 2425  174641  1089
    /WordOfGod/URIMaintenanceWebFOrm.aspx                     2406  113505  488
    /remindme/ContactBrowse.aspx                              2173  139821  1597
    /remindme/Cover.aspx                                      1892  58242   774
    /WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html        1804  183555  392
    /Gradual/Contacts/ContactsList.aspx                       1789  67613   874
    Task completed with parse errors.
    Parse errors:
    1356596 parse errors occurred during processing (To see details about the
      parse error(s), execute the command again with a non-zero value for the
      "-e" argument)

    Statistics:
    -----------
    Elements processed: 266572
    Elements output:    20
    Execution time:     84.46 seconds (00:01:24.46)

    "
    Productivity

        Productivity is the measure of unit tasks completed within a time frame or at a cost.
        A project cost is its work hours. A work day is 8 hours. A work month is ≈176 work hours. A work year is ≈2000 work hours.
        The degree of conceptual complexity increases when an expression contains various function calls and many parentheses. Scope complexity is the fitting between parts.
        To predict productivity? Re-use.
        Metric:
            Executable Size Metric: Is the code largeness. It does not fully consider the uninitialized array data. It includes library code which reduces complexity. It is not a language-independent source. It is not CPU-independent.
            Machine Instructions Metric: This is the size or count of the machine instructions.
            Lines of Code Metric (LOC): It counts the number of source code lines. It is consistent across programming languages. It is CPU-independent. The Linux word count, wc, command will suffice.
            Statement Count Metric: It excludes comments, blank lines, and counts as 1 a statement that spreads across multiple lines.
            Function Point Analysis (FPA): It looks ahead and assumes the amount of work a program will require. It details the inputs, outputs and basic computation. FPA has become a postmortem (end-of-project) tool.
            McCabe’s Cyclomatic Complexity Metric developed by Thomas McCabe: It finds out the complexity by determining the paths through it.

    " (Randall Hyde). "
    Intellectual presuppositions to enable the rise of science

        Intelligibility of nature: Words were part of his life.
        Order in nature: To digest what has been and reckon what will be.
        Contingency of nature: To take one's own as one's possibility.

    Understanding is achievable

        Observe: Read the Bible and record words spoken.
        Test: Compare the words in the Bible with the words heard.
        Measure: Apply metrics to gain closeness.

    " (Stephen C. Meyer). "
    Description
    Cross references to related applications

    The author has filed 2 unsuccessful trademark applications. These trademark requests are WordEngineering and www.JesusInTheLamb.com. The first trademark application deals with the use of engineering to decipher the Bible. The second trademark effort is for the phrase, Walking in the Lamb, you shall follow Me.
    Computer Listing

    The software is available at http://github.com/KenAdeniji. These include the source code and the data definition language (DDL). For size and privacy reasons, the data manipulation language (DML) is not available to the general public. The Bible versions, dictionaries and commentaries are available in the public domain. The author concedes that the length of the source code is large, but it is easily readable.
    Technical Field

    Seeing the Bible as enlightening to man.
    Description of Related Art

    To find if a relationship exists between the Bible and what we receive today?
    "

    What is the aptitude of this work?
        AlphabetSequence spreads out.
        Dates are lined up.
    Words out of numbers.

    Where is the knowledge added? The word column is how the author is up-to-date? The others are man's work.

    Telling intelligence? What did Hagar say? Her only speaking was with the one that sees?

    Word speaking. What did He use? Word 	Scripture Reference
    God 	John 1:1
    Most occurrent activity
    Highest measurable
    Humane
    Understandable
    Teachable
    Repeatable
    Translateable
    Transcribable
    Generable
    Referenceable
    Securable
    Suppressable

    "
    Design Specifications

    Design Specifications 	Sample Specification and Categories 	Constraints 	User Specification (Demand) 	User Specification (Want)
    Function
    How it works 	The current work meets the design of an Intranet. The test environment.
        Performance
        Energy
    Aesthetics
    How it looks 	
        Geometry ( e.g. Earlier work focused on generating Internet documents. The transition was from .html, xml/xslt, .aspx, and now AJAX. )
    Quality
    How well it is made 	
        Materials
        The author's work is software specific.
        Cost
        Open-source
        Manufacture
        While it is Microsoft-centric for the back-end (.asmx, Transact-SQL, SQL Server database), the front-end is industry standard (.html, .js, .css).
    Safety 	
        Time
        The time duration is minimal.
        Transport
        The work is done on one computer.
        Ergonomics
        The doctorate work consisted of a proof-of-concept that is easily replicable.

    " (DeLean Tolbert Smith). "
    Brainstorming

    Brainstorming Strategy 	Description
    Focus on quantity 	AlphabetSequence includes the whole Bible. The author has not expanded the 2-words nor 3-words computation.
    Wait to judge 	AlphabetSequence is relevant to the English language and the King James Version (KJV) Bible?
    Think outside the box 	While the initial focus was on the Bible, written word; research now includes spoken word.
    Combine and improve ideas 	The author solicits input from others.
    Keep focus on the problem 	Database recording resulted from the effort to determine when? The author has concentrated on this timeline.
    Set a time limit 	Elaborious work is avoided.

    " (DeLean Tolbert Smith). "
    Design Selection

        Agility: Ease and speed
        Flexibility: Adaptation to changes
        Component: Encapsulation

    " (DeLean Tolbert Smith). "
    Ease of Manufacturing

        Large number of independent parts: Team or solo development
        Parts accessibility: Build versus (VS) buy

    " (DeLean Tolbert Smith). "
    Decision-screening Matrix

    The AJAX approach offers the following benefits in performance criterion and weight:
        Ease of manufacture
        Engineering skill needed to build
        Robust design
        Primary function independence
    The competing solution will include:
        Server-side JavaScript, for example, Node
        Front-end library and framework, for example, React

    " (DeLean Tolbert Smith).

    To know my part as His?
        ContactMaintenance.aspx is a replica copy of a Microsoft wizard master-detail example.
        I have decided to work on a gradual improving system is a reverse-engineering clean room implementation of Microsoft hotmail.com.
        What are you able to do now that you weren't able to do before? To recognize the following as I ( 2 Samuel 3:39 ) ?
        Who it comes to ( Hebrews 11:24 ) ?
        What is the following? List of C-family programming languages
        The mechanism of selecting people?
        What notion of the same do I have?
        What I keep member of ( John 17:12 ) ?
        What did He find as suitable for him ( Genesis 39:9, Daniel 1:12, Daniel 1:16, Genesis 1:26-27 ) ?
        What did He find re-occurring as him? Seed of Jesse, king like David, son of David

    What specially like Him?

    What specially like Him? ( 1 Corinthians 15 ) I spoke to task. Event 	Feature 	Scripture Reference
    Creation 	Image of our ancestors 	Genesis 1:26-27, Genesis 2:7, Genesis 6:3, Luke 3:38
    Redemption 	Image of the Son 	1 John 3:2

    Web Site Performance Metrics

    The load time, and response time to user action and submission. The author tested the time, it takes to load each page, after development; and the wait period was satisfactory. For the Bible database, the author does not expect further increase in database size, which will put premium on the load. Ahmdal's Law comes into recognition in GetAPage.html, by performing multiple tasks with Web Services and measuring with performance.now().
    pingdom URL 	Load time 	Page size 	Commentary
    2015-10-23DoctoralDissertation.html 	379 ms 	33.5 kB 	2015-10-23DoctoralDissertation.html This is the thesis document, and this is the initial finding, as there is progress and as the author reaches conclusions, the author estimates further increase in load time and page size.
    http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BecauseWeAreHellThisIsOurDefinition.html 	5.96 s 	3.3 kB 	BecauseWeAreHellThisIsOurDefinition.html is standalone, it does not load additional CSS, HTML files, nor does it make AJAX calls to the back-end.
    Network Unit 	Value 	Commentary
    Internet speed test Testing download.. 	8.54 Megabits per second
    Internet speed test Testing upload.. 	4.74 Megabits per second
    ping e-comfort.ephraimtech.com 	Pinging e-comfort.ephraimtech.com [98.248.137.149] with 32 bytes of data: Reply from 98.248.137.149: bytes=32 time<1ms TTL=128 Reply from 98.248.137.149: bytes=32 time<1ms TTL=128 Reply from 98.248.137.149: bytes=32 time<1ms TTL=128 Reply from 98.248.137.149: bytes=32 time<1ms TTL=128 Ping statistics for 98.248.137.149: Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 4, Lost = 0 (0% loss), Approximate round trip times in milli-seconds: Minimum = 0ms, Maximum = 0ms, Average = 0ms
    tracert e-comfort.ephraimtech.com 	Tracing route to e-comfort.ephraimtech.com [98.248.137.149] over a maximum of 30 hops: 1 <1 ms <1 ms <1 ms Comfort.ephraimtech.com [98.248.137.149] Trace complete. 	The Unix platforms offers the traceroute command
    Progress

    After the author conceived the notion for AlphabetSequence, he stored the word spoken into XML files, along with manually determining the relevant Bible word. This, the author did, because the author thought and felt that the readers will prefer to read the recent information, and they do not have to regurgitate the entire database. The author was living at Newark, and working from Fremont.

    The author recorded, the FromUntil Time Span, explicitly into the Remember's table commentary column. Now, there are three computed columns, managing this period(s); these are the days difference, the Biblical time period, and Common Era computation. The author is saving memory storage space this way. And, also offering the opportunity to other people, the possibility to calculate their preferred period.

    Using the knowledge learnt from horizontal replication and partition, the audience are no longer forced to accept the author's calendar. The audience can choose their acceptable fact, and ignore nor standard derivation.

    The history, this way, is to say; at the begining, the author will record every entry after six p.m. as the next day saying, just like the Jewish day starts at 6 p.m. With the reasoning advent, the Tanakh, the New Testament, and the Koran, the truth partiality, is our governance.
    The Basic of Facilitating the Truth

    Most words have precedence, and do not exist in an emptiness. Words follow a trend. Are their supportive collaboration, to the utterance the author hears; these are linkable for historical evidence.

    How do we give our actualities? I have found written text, the easiest and most applicable way of sharing thoughts. Words spoken, when passed from generation to generation, may gain legend status, and therefore, lose appropriateness.

    Examine the course of history? You will find, that most truth, are actually realizing the dream. In my case, when I try to recall, the past, I search by keywords, numbers and dates. So, entries in the word, are most to realization. The first words spoken have higher importance and closer affinity; so also, prophetic application, have standard occurrence.

    Our work, so much depends on data entry. The Remember table relies on relationship, deductive reasoning.
    Can we look back at history, as we precede our future
    An angel said to prophet Daniel, many shall run to and fro ( Daniel 12:4 )

    Is this phenomenal traceable, Biblically, and can we name a person that bears similar resemblance? When we study, king David, we can see that David fled from king Saul, his predecessor; and two of his biological immediate sons, who purported, to overthrow him as king. In the Book of Revelation, the only three mentions of king David, talk of movement ( Revelation 3:7, Revelation 5:5, Revelation 22:16 ). Joseph ( Genesis 37:2, Genesis 37:9, Genesis 37:19, Genesis 39:12-18 ).
    Why we Accumulate the Same ( Matthew 26:53, Revelation 9:16, Revelation 7:4-8 )

    Samuel anointed David, during king Saul's reign. The choice, one makes, ahead ( Genesis 2:2-3, 2 Samuel 11:4, 2 Samuel 12:24, Ruth 3:1, Ruth 3:8, Ruth 3:18 ). Knew versus lay.
    Wanting a Member of...

    In the first words, in the Bible, God referred to the beginning, of His work, giving time, an annotation. God also mentioned two places, heaven and earth, creation generally centers on the activities on the earth; and God we understand, resides in the heaven, the last point for good on earth. To seek a development; it had a beginning.

    In the second sentence, second verse, God mentions, that the earth was without form and void; meaning the earth was without content. Nothing was a member of the earth. Also, God's spirit, a member of God, moved across the water.

    When time is maximal used; time is ideal allowed. When our association to follow; is association to the end.

    What relates a place...as one another? Observance of a particular use? Place 	Actor 	Scripture Reference
    Garden of Eden 	Adam 	Genesis 2:8, Genesis 2:10, Genesis 2:15, Genesis 3:23-3:24
    Field 	Cain and Abel 	Genesis 4:8-4:15
    Land of Nod, on the East of Eden 	Cain 	Genesis 4:16
    Enoch 	Cain and Enoch 	Genesis 4:17

    What right of things? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Work word 	John 14:10
    Charity
    Timeliness 	Deuteronomy 18:22

    The business of telling us apart? Word 	Scripture Reference 	Commentary
    Naming 	Genesis 2, Genesis 4 	The author registered a trademark name and much later created and maintained a contact database. The author received the title of a book that he wrote and afterwards a domain name.
    Profession 	Genesis 4 	The author developed an interest in Biblical studies while undergoing tertiary education.

    To help someone generate size? Keyword 	Commentary
    Light 	Sun, Moon: Evening and day, Sabbath
    Man 	Image of God, helper, seed

    What did He see as His? A remodelling of the last ( Daniel 9:24-27, Revelation 3:12, Revelation 21:2, Revelation 2:7, Revelation 22:2, Revelation 22:14 )?

    The author will want a conciliation with time?

    AlphabetSequence is a novice attempt to tie what the author hears to the Bible. As one reads the Bible, they have a more familiar method of communicating. As we begin today, how can we let tomorrow?

    That is what we are trying to say, how can we make ample use of time? Word of God. Word from God? The commentary is a human interpretation. You can fit more into time, by making a luxury of time. Why do we have to repeat the meaning in our words? Bible dictionary and commmentary. As a result of who are we? When does the scenario introduce God ( Genesis 3:8 )?

    Do you know mine? ( Deuteronomy 18:15 ) God 	Actor
    	Moses 	Jesus
    Name 	Jehovah ( Exodus 6:3 ) 	Father ( Matthew 23:9 )
    Place of Origin 	Egypt ( Exodus 2:19 ) 	Bethlehem ( Matthew 2:1-18, Luke 2:1-20, John 7:42 )

    Country?
        Dispossess the Devil?
        To work as a part of Me?
        Do we accommodate the usual? Country of privilege? I saw Barney John and his wife, Bernadette John, of 4770 Canvasback Common. Country citizenship for Jews and Palestines?

    Influence

        Associated culture ( Acts 7:22, Matthew 15:2, Mark 7:3, Mark 7:5, Daniel 1:3-5 )

    What I am rendering? To what particular use...is me ( Matthew 16:18 )?
    What do I form out of this?

    How do I expand on the word? Scripture reference or personal testimony ( Genesis 2:18-25, Genesis 3:15, Genesis 41:45, Daniel 2:45 )?
    What is the reward of the past?

    From that day ( 1 Samuel 16:13, 1 Samuel 18:9, 1 Samuel 30:25, Ezekiel 39:22, Ezekiel 48:35, Matthew 22:46, John 11:53 )...
        Salvation ( Exodus 14:13 )
        Commit ( Luke 23:46, Psalms 31:5 )

    What personifies the time?
        First and Last Adam ( 1 Corinthians 15:45 )
        Firstborn ( Romans 8:29, Colossians 1:15, Colossians 1:18, Hebrews 12:23 )

    What does authoring the word do? To shed as much light as our opening ( Genesis 1:1-1:5, Luke 4:16-4:32, John 2:1-2:11 ).

    Why computer cannot be our part? AlphabetSequence is like a calculator. The logic is straight forward and it is not varying in part.
    Spirit of the Antichrist

        Human sacrifice.
        Including love baba ti won. Including love their own father.
        What I do was able to learn the importance of the disease. I am in a bus and I flirted with some females. I got off and I made my way home, westward. Again, I got off and I entered an office. Workers are giving away vouchers. I got some vouchers too even though I may not elegible. I entered a taxi. The driver accussed me of being fraudulent. After some thought, I ran westward towards divided streets which may prevent me from being getting caught.
        According to worthiness ( 1 Timothy 6:17 ).

    How do you reference the Bible? Word 	Scripture Reference 	Commentary
    Prophecy fulfillment 	Isaiah 61:2, Luke 4:19, Daniel 9:24-27, Matthew 5:18 	Iota

    However, time substantiated itself? The author suggests that Baptism of the Holy Spirit ( Acts 1-2 ), is achievable in individual locations as a pressage to the 3rd temple in Jerusalem. Keyword 	Scripture Reference
    Place of Residence 	Acts 1:4, Acts 1:8
    Sign 	Acts 1:3, Acts 1:5
    Place of Worship 	Acts 2:1
    Speak with other tongues 	Acts 2:2-2:11
    Worshippers 	Acts 2:5
    Leader 	Acts 2:14-2:47

    The author does not have the advantage of a crawler; the author is querying a database in real time, without the benefit of search engine optimization (SEO).
    Lifecyle
    Lifecyle Period 	Commentary
    2000-10-05 	Registered the WordEngineering trademark.
    2002 	Commenced recording the word from the LORD in the Microsoft SQL Server relational database, introduced the AlphabetSequence algorithm, and started developing Biblical applications using the Microsoft .NET and the ASP.NET framework, and coded with the C# language.
    2015 	Migrated to HTML files and web services using AJAX. What is resideable at home, is present abroad. This will continue the separation of duty approach. The benefit includes making accessible our work; focused user interface renewal. Open standard and performance gain.
    Interconnection
    Technology 	Commentary
    Web pages 	The bulk of the author's web pages are in 3 separate virtual directories.
    Virtual Directory 	Commentary
    http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/InformationInTransit 	
        http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/InformationInTransit/ContactMaintenance.aspx Master-detail gridview
        http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/InformationInTransit/URIMaintenanceWebForm.aspx URI tables with a vertical view.
    http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/Gradual 	Recruiters contact details. Master page with user components.
    http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering 	AJAX website. Shared .dll. Stand-alone pages with hyperlinks to related information.
    Development History

    God doesn't use inform ( Psalms 81:5, John 16:30 ). He mandates.
    Technology 	Commentary
    Relational Database 	After the introduction of the author to Microsoft SQL Server; the author does not feel the need to adopt newer technology like object-oriented database, nor nosql.
    Server-side Programming, Back-end 	The author learnt C#, and there has been no reason to adopt upgrades. When Microsoft MVC learning is not necessary. The scripture reference class offers partition for instantiation. The Microsoft platform is the author's choice, although the migration to .NET core may be inevitable.
    Programming Style 	This lineage are passage. C# is object-oriented. JavaScript is functional programming. SQL is declarative and imperative.
    A Causal to Hearing Words

    He said and He did. Word work ( Genesis 11:1-9 ). The authority to know...and discern...between things. At the beginning of WordEngineering, my practice will include:
        Read and recite the Bible.
        Pray.
        Praise and worship.
        Take computer courses at Ohlone College, in the Fremont and Newark campuses.
        Read books and magazines at Barnes & Noble, Borders, Walden Pond Books Wal-Mart and public libraries.
        Listen to Christian commentators.
        Sexual abstinence and celibacy.
        Solitary living at Newark City in California. Patmos.
        Fast, everyday, only ate, once a day, in the evening. I ate Nomura Holdings Kokuho rice.
        Walk, two hours a day, between Newark and Fremont, to do programming. Learn how to program today's technology, with relevance to the word's revelation.
        I was living on a meager income ( Exodus 2:15-25 ).
        Only familiar with Case-based Reasoning and Use-Case.
        AlphabetSequence is abecedary.
        Set-based: Effort to record everything Bible code.
        This is a man; he wanted to know about his favorite ( Daniel 1:3-21, Daniel 9:23, Daniel 10:11, Daniel 10:19 )?
        Observance ( John 5:19 )
        Personalization of Realization ( Proverbs 25:2 )?
        I will make the difference ( Deuteronomy 26:5, Ezekiel 16:3 )?
        What we all ought to be?
        1997-12-31 I will not entertain Nada. Prophets make New Year predictions.

    Lessons Learnt
        Esteem word: Leading up-to 2008-03-07, I was not fully recording the word of the LORD ( Job 23:12 ).
        I used to ask God for a word? To realize where my opinion lies?
        Familiarization with data.
        You previously stored your work in a database. You worked on a text in .html files. 2022-10-23 You chose to return to database content. Who is this work intended for? Can somebody else take on the responsibility for specialization, localization, processing of your original work? Draw intelligence from your work ( Joshua 22:11 )? One of Myself offering as many as I use?
        Words heard between waking up and walking outside are written in the author's backpack's notebook for meditation. Note the earlier words from night to morning are stored in the author's bedside notebook. What I provided for other? Is how I needed Him. Putting Him into words.
        My time away from the family, United States of America (USA), may have helped me gain independence.
        In Australia, the women that came into my life were suffering from solitude. In Port Kembla, I left for the weekends for Sydney. How can we bring a life, except ours?
        Do I decide the truth? Do I choose the truth?
        The importance of the Word is how it is made.
        Post-dated: God convicted me, I do not take the plight of the people to heart. MacAuthor BART Station. Bay Street Emeryville BN.com Fire Alarm Panel 8. FDC Building A 5604-5634. To mean, I decide the story?
        How did they handle the Messiah ( Luke 1:38 )? Crossing the divide? To need someone as I ( Genesis 15:2 )? You know Me as capable of you? ( 1 Samuel 17:36, Romans 4:19 )?
        The Yoruba sentence. Ma fogbon di. I will use wisdom to block it.
        No difference in companion.
        How useful you have been in determining wisely? How diversification the changes? ( Genesis 4 )?
        The Microsoft Windows Operating System offers the clipboard copy command. When using the Mozilla Firefox browser and copying the address bar, the author selectively only copies the domain name and leaves out the protocol when it is http or https. This saves storage space, since this is the default protocol. When copying information from the page, please note that there may be leading blank spaces, which requires truncation.
        Difficulty level? Our work is divisible into writing the word, commentary, and deducting meaning. When the word is from God, the data entry is easy when it is in English, except when it is in Yoruba, where there may be spelling and substitution errors. The commentary does not have to be exact, since it is an inference. Determining the correlation between people, places, and historical information, may require expertise. What I am able to do is how He types me. As I wrote this paragraph, I entered in my own words and I sought assistance from Him. A step to do is never forgotten of the LORD. Whose obscurity has He solved?
        What can we be, in the midst of a people, pertaining to God ( Matthew 19:12 )?
        What do you know how-to use, as you desire yours?
        Rich of God. Reach of God.
        How many are others ( Daniel 11:41 ) ?
        I have to present God; as I am allowed to be.
        How I want it to be; how He wants it to be? When does the word prompt the answer? ( Acts 10-11 ).
        People have asked me how I do my work? My twin sibling calls my work, data entry. I start my day, electronically recording the activities of the previous night. The bare minimal requirement is an editor, but I now use a database. I have always contemplated whether I should personally store my information, or look for a cloud provider? Build or buy? Another thing of note is storage? How often should I backup and archive my memory and to where? What is in random access memory (RAM) may be lost when there is power loss or when the application or computer shuts down for any reason. What is on the hard disk may be lost when the computer does not start, or there is a viral and intruder attack. How do we resume our work ( 1 Samuel 25:28 )? Needs to be met?
        The author will record the publishing and receipt.
        An identifier and possibly foreign key is possibly null, empty, when it is unknown, non particular, or it associates with the author.
        I didn't shift...until the movement ( Acts 1:8 ).
        Did he ask you to do it? ( John 8:44 ).
        By Him, about Him ( Genesis 1:1, Genesis 4:26 ).
        Timing urgency ( Matthew 26:45-46, Mark 14:42 ).
        Could you need one part of Me and not deserve another? Biblical Calendar...Gregorian Calendar.
        When can we do without AlphabetSequence? A place in the Bible justifies the word.
        O mo Bunmi, Clari re. You know Bunmi, Clari is this. We are inside a building and we heard that food is being giving away at West. I jumped down multiple rocks. There is a team to the South East and either Beni or Buki and their friends are sitting at Center. 04:27 Dizzy sleepy. 20:13 Beni or Buki, I forget who? I grew up with them, but I am no longer associated with them. Nuclear or extended family?
        What past the time ( Isaiah 61:2, Luke 4:19 )?
        What is in use?
        That chooses I. When I read the Bible, I adapt to the role I take.
        Relative to the world (Proverbs 3:5).
        If the words do not join? Consider separating or putting the lesser word in the commentary column.
        Do I determine I know?
        Check for grammatical correctness. As much as possible, put all the spoken word. Only adjust for spelling.
        If the word and scenery do not fit exactly, it may be a larger scenario.
        When C++ converts to an integer, it always rounds down, unlike C#. There may be a day descrepancy. To dual own?
        What I have learnt from Bill Gates, through using the software from Microsoft.
            Normalize the relational database for on-line transaction processing (OLTP); specifically the Remember table should reference the HisWord table, and the Commentary column should not contain the duplicate data.
            The BibleWord table may not be necessary to relate the HisWord table to the Scripture. How much manual work does the author do, and can the author automate this work?
            What value can we attain to this work?

    In Australia, I got involved with the prison ministry at the Villawood Detention Center. The Christian missionaries that were serving felt that fellow migrants might aid in responding to new applicants. I was deported to my country of origin, Nigeria, from the United States of America (USA); therefore, I could share the plight of these inmates. I was also in the court process, so I could better understand Australia's law. Finally, my most productive contract consulting was at the Department of Training Education Committee (DTEC), so I had an understanding of integrating and skilling re-locating workers. I tried to share computer books, but inmates were undaunted by their relevance to their misery. They were expected to write letters to immigration officials. This influenced my desire to practice authoring Christian literature and improve my communication. How could I relate to less fortunate people? How may I be the one giving? How can I let the Holy Spirit partake on my side? What are these roles for, and how will I be a mediator? What do I share as a bargain? All these are words to say. What do I mean as a human being? Where does the spirit hold its own? Computers are programmable, humans are useful. Where does a side take the rest? What I am finding out, is how necessary I am as a person? How do I do my part in participating? What can you take from me, and make as your own? My words may not be what you will say, but how can your experience let you say? Imagine your life will be lived, as you say. When the times, programming lines, lines of code, play out a scenario. So words make meaning as sufficiency. Whose life have I lived to complexity? To the full of His deed ( John 15:24 )? What can His prove relate to me?

    What did He know as one? First, pre-eminence, join. Word 	Member 	Scripture Reference
    God 	Trinity 	Genesis 1:1-2, John 1
    Day 	Time 	Genesis 1, Genesis 2:1-3
    Babel 	Language 	Genesis 11:9

    Written about us how many? Word 	Jew 	Prince of the people that shall come 	Scripture Reference
    Weeks of Years 	69 	1 	Genesis 9:24-27
    Lineage 	Most holy 	Antichrist 	Genesis 9:24-27
    Image 	Seal 	Beast 	Revelation 7
    Trigger 	Re-build Jerusalem 	Sign a covenant with the many 	Genesis 9:24-27

    Words are way. Word 	Scripture Reference
    Punctual 	Genesis 1
    Anti 	Genesis 2:17, Genesis 3:3-4, John 12:34
    Babel 	Genesis 11:9
    Stricter versus (VS) flexible 	Matthew 18:22

    Mentions the most? Word 	Reference
    Calendar 	Day, Month, Year
    Direction 	East, North, South, West

    Count Word 	Scripture Reference
    Seed of Abraham 	Genesis 26:4
    Forgive 	Matthew 18:21-22

    Phases of Life Word 	Scripture Reference
    Moses - Egypt, Midian, Wilderness 	Exodus 2, Hebrews 11:25

    What is the Bible divisible to? Word 	Reference
    Heaven versus (VS) Earth? Salvation 	Genesis 1:1, John 4:22
    Dead versus (VS) Alive? Spirit 	Genesis 1:2
    Water versus (VS) Land? Israel 	Revelation 17:1, Revelation 17:15
    Prophecy versus (VS) Fulfillment? Word 	Lamentations 3:37

    Who am I after? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Birth right 	Genesis 25:31-34
    Genealogy 	
    Blessing 	1 Chronicles 5:2
    Avenger of Blood 	Numbers 35
    But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. 	Hebrews 2:9
    Disciple 	Acts 22:3
    Forerunner 	

    What spirit to say? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Holy Spirit 	Genesis 1:2, John 4:24, Genesis 6:3, Genesis 41:38
    Evil spirit 	Judges 9:23, 1 Samuel 16:14, 1 Samuel 16:15, 1 Samuel 16:16, 1 Samuel 16:23, 1 Samuel 18:10, 1 Samuel 19:9, Luke 7:21, Luke 8:2, Acts 19:12, Acts 19:13, Acts 19:15, Acts 19:16
    Lying spirit 	1 Kings 22:22-23, 2 Chronicles 18:21-22
    State of spirit 	Genesis 45:27, Exodus 6:9, 1 Kings 10:5, 2 Chronicles 9:4

    Word opposites Word 	Reference
    Anti 	1 John 2:18, 1 John 2:22, 1 John 4:3, 2 John 1:7, Revelation 2:13
    Un 	Ungod, unholy, unrighteous

    Beyond association of time, where am I? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Role 	Genesis 32:28
    Place 	Matthew 23:37
    Times 	Luke 21:24
    Language 	Genesis 11:9

    Rajas Kane telephone interview. What uterate a place? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Alter 	Acts 6:13-14
    Iterate 	Jeremiah 25:11-12, Jeremiah 29:10
    Utilize 	Numbers 35:25, Numbers 35:26-28 , Numbers 35:32, Joshua 21:13, Joshua 21:21, Joshua 21:27, Joshua 21:32, Joshua 21:38, 1 Chronicles 6:57
    Utter 	Judges 12:6

    Why numbers are preferred? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Divine 	Genesis 41:32
    Alphanumeric
    Multi-Lingual 	Psalms 81:5

    A remembrance of Himself in us? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Shema 	The term remember occurs 210 times in the KJV Bible. 	Deuteronomy 6:4–9
    Passover Lamb 		John 1:29, John 1:36
    10 Commandments 	The 10 Commandments are separated into love for God and your fellow man like yourself. 	Exodus 20:2–17, Deuteronomy 5:6–21
    Prophecy and Fulfillment 		Daniel 9:2
    Book of the Law 		Joshua 1:8
    Deuteronomy 	The title of the last book of Moses means remembrance. 	Exodus 20:2–17, Deuteronomy 5:6–21
    Sabbath-Day and Festivals 	Periodic anniversaries of His work. 	Exodus 20:11
    Remember Lot's wife. 		Luke 17:32

    How-to have association...with guidance? Word 	Scripture Reference
    Greatly beloved 	Daniel 9:23, Daniel 10:11, Daniel 10:19
    Birthright 	Daniel 1:3-4
    Marital bestowment 	Ruth 2:10

    What describes people? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Role 	Trying as a simple example of resemblance. 	Genesis 4:26
    Physical Apperance 	Such as I choose of Myself? 	Genesis 1:26-27, Genesis 5:3, Genesis 9:6, 1 Samuel 9:2, Isaiah 53:2, Zechariah 11:17

    It is not how much you give; it is who you give, Oh LORD. Word 	Scripture Reference 	Measurable
    Holy Spirit 	John 3:34 	No
    Babel 	Genesis 11:9 	No
    Promised Land 	Genesis 12:7, Genesis 13, Ezekiel 33:24 	No
    Census 	1 Chronicles 21:2 	Yes

    Where do I call on change? Word 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Actor 	The law and the prophets: Can I prepare man for an event of time? 	Amos 3:7
    Event 	When does man decide His future is as reminded? Connecting the past as I use. 	Genesis 1, John 1

    To Reckon as Size
        Light ( Genesis 1:16 )
        Sabbath ( Genesis 2:2-3 )
        Autonomy ( Genesis 4:9 )
    What has this Research Revealed?
        GetAPage.html draws resources from a large part of the Bible. What exactly I know, as necessary of me? How numerous we are made.
        You do remember based on the data, do you need to collect the data, if you don't do remember?
        What does he want as a set? O pe. In Yoruba?
            Complete
            Late
            Call
            Thanksgiving
        Where am I, as a human being?
        The life of appointing something as myself.
    Word Inference
        A lot of Yoruba language words may mean ethnic conflict.
        The Bible is specific in relation to the Jews. The word, about, generally refers to the surroundings and the time of an event.
    Preeminence of Data?

    How suitable is the data for general use?
    Coming from an Information Background
        Familiarize with keyword Noun.
        Letters in the English language?
        The work? Is to associate the reference.
        How could I collaborate fact with what I know?

    On behalf, of someone, I seem Actor 	Type 	Scripture Reference
    Jesus Christ		Passover Lamb 	John 1:29, John 1:36
    John the Baptist		Forerunner 	John 1:33
    Moses		Prophet 	Exodus 7:1, Numbers 12:6, Deuteronomy 18:15, Deuteronomy 18:18, Deuteronomy 34:10

    What substitution lies ahead? Actor 	Type		Scripture Reference
    Seth		Man 	Genesis 4:25, Genesis 5:3
    Abraham		Believe 	Romans 4
    Isaac 	Land 	Genesis 26:2, Genesis 26:12

    The Accumulation of Age. Title 	Time 	Scripture Reference
    Creation 	6 Days 	Genesis 1
    Exodus from Egypt to the Promised Land 	40 Biblical Years 	Exodus 16:35, Numbers 14:33-34, Numbers 32:13, Deuteronomy 2:7, Deuteronomy 8:2, Deuteronomy 8:4, Deuteronomy 29:5, Joshua 5:6, Nehemiah 9:21, Psalms 95:10, Amos 2:10, Amos 5:25, Acts 7:36, Acts 7:42, Acts 13:18, Hebrews 3:9, Hebrews 3:17
    Weeks of Years 	490 Biblical Years 	Daniel 9:24-27
    First Resurrection 	1000 Biblical Years 	Revelation 20:2-7

    What did He see Himself as?
    What did He see Himself as? Alias 	Scripture Reference
    Son of God 	Matthew 16:13-20
    Son of David 	Matthew 22:42
    Son of Man 	1 Corinthians 15:45
    Word 	John 1

    There is more to you, than you are ( Ephesians 3:18 ).

    We want personal data, when is public data sufficient?

    From...Until AlphabetSequence
        God expressed His wish for me
        God spoke intermittenly
        God explicitly mentioned about some of the specific people that were in my life
        To acknowledge, where I am present. I had left Westpac, I was at DTEC. God asked me to leave my friends at Campsie and relate with Lakemba.
        God did not initially identify Himself, with a particular name

    " The author will not break each experience into sequences. At this late stage of the research, the author is content, with his original table design, and will elaborate, when it is appropriate, to newer suggestions. " (John Whalen).
    What do you want to use it for?

    It is firstly, a database work. That is the author records God's word. What the author hears, he relates to the Bible and the other scriptural sources. These information are all in database tables, giving the author the luxury of using relational technology. The benefit includes storage and archive, that is, the work is usable in tabular format. There is a copy of the information running Microsoft SQL Server on a Linux operating system; which the author switches to, by changing the database connection string of one node in the web.config. When the user decides to stabilize and admit no further changes; then there is no need to do additional database update work. As with such work, the database schema remains consistent, since the beginning. The choice of word, meets today's expectations. The addition of the ActToGod table, demonstrates the maturity of the author, since it advances from data to information.

    The author, first wrote his history, in multiple stand-alone files .HTML, .XML. (Acts 7:22). This documentation didn't allow for enough dating, to track creation and change, nor easy querying. Therefore, the decision to move to a relational database; that will augment this fact.

    Since the beginning, the author wrote a ContactMaintenance.aspx server-side page as a user-interface (UI) to record contact information. This page remains active, till today.

    The author uses Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio to document general information. When the author is offsite, text editors provides a place to scribble data manipulation language (DML) statements into SQL script files, for later execution. Please understand that both means mentioned above do not always support the checking of spellings nor grammar, and have limited formatting.

    I have a product; where is the method?

    Adoptability:
        What is the minimum requirement? The author believes it is the Holy Spirit spreading the Word, and it is not him, making up the word. As long as you have the spirit of God, then you are receptive to this information sharing. The word is not always clearly heard, and the sighting is not always 20/20 visibile.
        What is the literacy level requirement? If you know the alphabets arrangements, then you can determine the AlphabetSequenceIndex by hand. To determine the AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference, you need to know, the count of chapters and verses. This manual work gives way to computation, which is not error prone.
        The Biblical account wrote dreams and visions textually, without resorting to the database. Search Engines Crawlers parse the standard HTML files and rarely query the database. The calendar: years, months, days, may benefit from the stipulation and generability of the Common Era.
        Where is the world leading and how do we follow it? The author fiddles with the idea of bringing technology to the Word of God. The author is unaware of the start and early beginnings of dictionaries, concordance and commentaries; but the author gains from this works as a reference. The widely acception of a work, accompanies preference and prevalence.
        The result of the Bible, is how we use it. The emphasises of Jesus Christ and apostle Paul is the word for today? As the author sees from the Bible, Moses assigned intervention to leaders, and Moses went to God as a higher authority. Who is the work for? Who can benefit from reading this work?

    How amenable am I the same? Type 	Commentary
    Man 	Election - Did He share His hope?
    Place 	Promised Land - Where I will inhabit?

    As the Open? Actor 	Commentary 	Scripture Reference
    Adam 	The first man will need a companion 	Genesis 1:26-31, Genesis 2:6-25
    Jesus Christ 	Transformation of the spirit 	John 3
    Quality Assurance

        Quality Assurance
        To achieve performance beneficiary, the author uses AJAX, a single Javascript and CSS file, and minute images.
        The author's work is largely based on the SQL's SELECT statement, a matured declarative language, which the author uses to query God's word.
        The author relies on the Bible database, a recognized source of information, which has stood the standard of time.
        The reason for AlphabetSequence is because the author lacks Biblical knowledge. The author sought for a way to reconcile what he is hearing with the established word.
        The SQL COUNT(), AVG() and SUM() Functions are row-based.
        Code Analysis: JSHint, FxCop
        Questionaire: RatingRank InDefine

    Prepared for Time

    On 2019-04-04T09:00:00 andre.nguyen@gqrgm.com will telephone me about the role with Google's co-founder Larry Page jobs.lever.co/kittyhawk.aero/701c6d9a-2d8a-4727-a345-d4a93d6dcc27?agencyId=3b8e0b44-7127-4709-ad21-6eb8ea5f7403 Andre Nguyen asked how I spend my day?

    When I started AlphabetSequence, I ate my only daily meal at 6PM, read the Bible and went to bed. I could break my day into punctual scheduled activities, such-as:
        Wake-up
        Brush my teeth and shower
        Breakfast
        Work
        Lunch
        Dinner
        Bedtime

    This is how most people, live their lives; this is what I have accepted as mine. When I receive a word, I make it my work, to record the word and personalize my entries. I try to match this new story segment, with the preceding and forthcoming event threads.

    When the author observes explicit experiences, he may record this additional data, in the HisWord's table ContactID, ScriptureReference, Location and Scene columns. How relevant is Your word to our opinion? This projection may result in entries of new records in the Remember and APass tables. Where are people, his relation?

    However, he is present, that is how I use.
        If I have a paper and pencil available, I write down the word, and I calculate the AlphabetSequenceIndex.
        When I have access to the database, I enter and store the record electronically.
        Computer access means the resultset is retrievable via GetAPage.html.
        Text editor is useful for writing SQL.

    God's Word; Human Interpretation

    The author separates the word of God from the supporting information:
        Cast which fits into the Contact ID column
        Scripture reference is the Biblical theme
        Scenery which is the dream setting
        Location which is an awake surrounding
        Language translation

    Specificity guides our entries into the HisWord table; for example if the information is not explicit, do not record it. This means that the nullable columns may be left empty. When there are more than one possible entries, choose the most rare.

    What we do minimally, is how we do enormously.

    God may put a thought or question in my mind, rather than sharing a word? To know the need of revealing one another?

    How do you, reference the Bible?
        Search Engine? Requires Internet access.
        ScriptureReference.html Requires Bible knowledge and place in the Bible.
        BibleWord.html Requires word knowledge

    What is the certaincy of the word:
        When the author hears a word and there is a reference to a place in the Bible, this affirms the word's relevance to the Scripture.
        Grammatically correctness is also vital.
        If a word correlates with a historical event, then it is credible.
        When the Spirit leads and guides towards an utterance ( Matthew 10:19-20 ).
        Where am I, resemblance of how I am made ( 1 Corinthians 14 )?

    What does He choose as example?
        God rested on the Sabbath day (Luke 23:56)
        Jesus Christ (Daniel 9:24-27, 1 Corinthians 15:45, 1 Corinthians 15:47)
        Man such as King David (2 Kings 14:3, 2 Kings 16:2, 2 Chronicles 28:1, Amos 6:5)
        Place such as Sodom (Matthew 10:15, Matthew 11:23-24 , Mark 6:11, Luke 10:12, Luke 17:29, Romans 9:29, 2 Peter 2:6, Jude 1:7, Revelation 11:8).
        Other living things (Numbers 22:21-33).

    To whose advantage am I?

    In every scenario, we participate in, our last outcome should be holy ( 2 Samuel 12:14 ). Future study, may consider the actors in the Bible, and award their holiness in each scenario.
    Centeredness

    This is our attempt to find follow-up, continuity in the Bible. A brief repetition of our activities, subsequently. Firmer consequence ( Isaiah 23:15, Isaiah 23:17, Jeremiah 25:11, Jeremiah 25:12, Jeremiah 29:10, Daniel 9:2, Zechariah 7:5 ). Listed below are some of the repeated reinforcements.
    Samson's Birth ( Judges 13 )

    An angel of the LORD appears to the wife of Manoah and prophesy that she will give birth to a Nazarite son ( Judges 13:2-5 ).

    The same angel appears to Manoah and his wife ( Judges 13:6-25 ). The angel reinforces the their responsibility and defers reverence to God.
    The Birth of the Messiah ( Luke 1 )

    Foretelling the birth of John the Baptist ( Luke 1:5-25, Malachi 4:5 ). Transitioning the present to the after ( Luke 1:17 ).

    Foretelling the birth of Jesus Christ ( Luke 1:26-38 ). Continuing the Davidic line ( Luke 1:32-33, 2 Samuel 7:12-13, 2 Samuel 7:16 ).
    The Baptism of Cornelius ( Acts 10 )

    The Bible does not explicitly mention the citizenship of Cornelius, but it mentions his rank as a centurion in the Italian band ( Acts 10:1 ).

    Simon Peter is a fisherman, but without the LORD's presence, fishery is not sustaining ( Luke 5:4-11, John 21:3-6, Matthew 17:24-27, Acts 10:9-16 ). What I bring to Him; is me alone, to value Him.
    Full Position

    The first occurrence of the word, full, in the Bible, occurs in ( Genesis 14:10 ); and is in reference to the vale of Siddim, which was full of slime pits, and this is where the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell. The father of the faithful, Abraham, died, full of years, and the son of promise, Isaac, died, full of days ( Genesis 25:8, Genesis 35:29 ); The last occurrence of the word, full, in the Bible, occurs in ( Revelation 21:9 ). Living a presence ( Jeremiah 28:11 ). To creating a future full of all. To creating a future free of all.
    One Chance; Seem the Rest.

    Our LORD's prayer is a communal prayer; directed to the one God ( Matthew 6:9-13, Luke 11:2-4 ). Please note that it is Jesus; teaching this prayer; so He doesn't refer to Himself or the Holy Spirit explicitly; as in another passage, when He mentions Himself as the bread ( John 6:31-35 ). He explains the truth; that we may fall short of it, by explicitly referring to the Father. He is alluding to the events in the apocalyptic books, Daniel and Revelation. We are on earth, and we have an earthly father; where we are, is not where, we wish and will to reside ( Matthew 6:9, Luke 11:2, Daniel 2, Revelation 5 ). When no matter, where I go; this is how, I Am found ( John 20:17 ).
    To set everything true

    The word, true, occurs in seventy-seven verses in the Scripture Bible, and there are eighty-one occurrences. True, first occurs in Joseph's interaction with his brothers ( Genesis 42:11, Genesis 42:19, Genesis 42:31, Genesis 42:33, Genesis 42:34 ); Jacob had colluded with Rebecca, his mother, to get Isaac, his father's, blessing; God shows that Joseph will have elevation over his parents and siblings. There are ten occurrences of the word, true, in the book of ( Revelation ); in response, to God.
    To Whom Masculine?

    How the Bible compares the gender?
    Man, after his Fall

    During Creation, God asked all living things, be fruitful and multiply; God asked Adam to name the living creatures, and God required Adam to take care of the Garden of Eden, but this taking care is to dress and keep the garden; there is a role for man, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and the tree of life. God did not specify the welfare of animals. Out of Adam, God made a helper for Adam, Eve.

    After the Fall of Man, Adam's labor will be thorough; and there is enmity between the serpent and Eve, and each other's seed; and Eve will have pain, during child-birth.

    God made coats of skins, and clothed them; it is our presumption, that the clothing is from living things, generally perceived as sin sacrificial animal(s), but since this clothing is not specified, an alternative, is that it is a plant, or another creature entirely.

    God created an adult male, Adam; and his female counterpart, Eve ( Deuteronomy 2:14, John 5:5 ). There is no mention of Adam's activity, after the fall of man; as Eve bares and name their children; Adam's earlier effort, which was to cater for the Garden of Eden and name the animals.
    Man at Birth

    We can only suggest, that the struggle between good and evil, continues upon the birth of Cain, Abel, and Seth. Eve named Cain, as her possession; and Seth, as the appointed seed.

    God instituted male circumcision, which should take place on the eighth day, as man's responsibility in keeping the Abrahamic covenant.

    At times, there is proclamation of a mantle, before livelihood; as in the case of Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, Samson, John the Baptist, and Jesus Christ. In each example, there is a relationship between God and a parent; and God is directing, the offspring's onus. The want similar to Christ; is to see yourself, among fold.
    Man's Task

    Historical man's profession are keeper of sheep, a tiller of the ground, handle the harp and organ, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron. Unlike the first men, in the Bible, Seth's service was not identified, we only know that after the birth of Seth's son, Enos, men began to call, on the name of the LORD.

    The 10 Commandments details the relationship we aspire to have with God, and our fellow-men.

    God may consign men to overseer, as in the case of Melchizedek king of Salem, the priest of the most high God, and collector of tithes; Joseph, dreamer and interpreter, and he will save much life, in Egypt; as in incorporating the end. We share among us; as no foundation separates us.
    Our choice is where we want to be? What we want to be?

    A choice between what you have, and what you will want? ( Revelation 5:5, Matthew 1:25, Luke 2:7, Romans 8:29, Colossians 1:15, Colossians 1:18, Hebrews 11:28, Hebrews 12:23 ). Where I take you; is where you belong ( Genesis 13:14-18, Deuteronomy 34 ).
    What points arrive at succession?
    What points arrive at succession? Title 	Scripture Reference
    Begotten Son 	John 1:18, John 3:16, John 3:18, 1 John 4:9
    Subject 	1 Corinthians 15:28
    Holy Spirit 	Luke 1:35, Acts 2, 2 Thessalonians 2:7
    Future Work

    As of 2024-05-22T14:48:00 Microsoft SQL Server does not support sql:2003 Assertion. Microsoft SQL Server does not yet implement CREATE ASSERTION assertion-name CHECK (constraint) http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4130039/does-sql-server-2008-support-the-create-assertion-syntax 2024-05-22T15:28:00 Potential fallback? CHECK CONSTRAINT or trigger.

    The technical limitations of the current implementation include:
        Unknown, prior to building?
        Multi-user support
        Security login
        Content management system (CMS)
        Single entry-point
        Update rollback

    What is the repository? If the user only needs to store the Word from God, a text file is sufficient? A comma-separated value (CSV) may suffice for multiple columns.

    AlphabetSequence considers the whole word. Separate words into?
        Buzz word
        Keyword
        Parts of speech
        Simple versus (VS) complex
    This part is my existence, which I will never recover.

    Can I reason as a god will listen?
        Adam named the animals ( Genesis 2:19-20 )
        Pronounce Sibboleth ( Judges 12:6 )
        Pray continually ( Luke 18:1-8 )

    How to...use the word? My earlier work has been to refer to the word. To look for one I deem as I? Mo fe wa productive in the word? I want to be productive in the word?

    Where My word, has developed His need ( 2 Kings 8:5 )?

    The select inputs do not have default values.

    The Scripture table is a one-to-one mapping between the Bible version and column. These arrangements are futile when there are inconsistencies in the Bibles versions separations. An alternative is to have a table for each version. Publishers issue Bible version.

    What does the Bible teach us about twins? Full-Text search? We have given preference to the word, not the commentary, which is subjective.
    Word to Today

    The remember table correlates the events and the calendar. Currently, the author is manually deriving the entries for the Remember table. When there is an association, then the author considers the first, last, relevant mentions.
        To forget time is responsible ( Revelation 21:23, Matthew 17:5, Mark 9:7, Luke 9:35 ).
        What replaces time ( Ruth 1:13 )?
    The gain from automating this process will include:
        Limiting human labor
        Speeding up the task
        Reducing storage need
    DontFeelLeftAlone.html

    He Handicaped Time; as His Usage Title 	Scripture Reference
    Servitude 	Jeremiah 25:11-12, Jeremiah 29:10, Daniel 9:2
    Fulfillment 	Luke 9:31
    Incentive 	Daniel 12:13, Isaiah 53:12

    We may need, human help, to determine, the theme-of-the-day?

    The author's work is record specific, GetAPage.html. Further work may consider the entries for a particular date, datetime range, or HisWordID set basket? What this information have in common?

    On 2022-01-10, I will recall that the birthday of biological mother is coming up, on 2022-01-12. I should pray about this and reinforce effort. What is He, starting to say?

    Is there going to be a safe development to this design? There is key to reason. This work is not defamatory nor inflammatory.
    Reuse

        Issue a SQL database query statement SQLToHTMLTable.html. This is the most raw form of querying the database, but it offers the most flexibility, and it does not restrict, to pre-built application.
        Navigate the web pages from a client browser 2019-10-05ArtifactDescription.html WhenThePastorIsPreachingYouDontWithTheScriptureToComeInSubsequent.html
        Build a web service requestor, without the limitations of Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS).
        Download the DLLs, or the source files, and customize, if necessary WordEngineering

    Will SQL deliver all the purpose in the Bible?

    Such as, will a query language find the mother, father, and child relationship?
    knew wife SELECT ScriptureReference, KingJamesVersion From Bible..Scripture WHERE KingJamesVersion LIKE '%knew%' and KingJamesVersion LIKE '%wife%'
    wife child SELECT ScriptureReference, KingJamesVersion From Bible..Scripture WHERE KingJamesVersion LIKE '%wife%' and KingJamesVersion LIKE '%child%'
    WordToNumberHelper.cs

    Numbers in the Bible are written out as words. The author made effort to parse these words and find the numbers, but it was not totally successful, largely because of the arrangement of the numerals.
    Translate the Original AlphabetSequence C# Code to the Other Programming Languages

    AlphabetSequence was first implemented in the C# programming language AlphabetSequence.cs Later work, saw translation to:
        AlphabetSequence.c
        AlphabetSequence.cpp
        AlphabetSequence.go
        AlphabetSequence.java
        AlphabetSequence.js
        AlphabetSequence.py
        AlphabetSequence.rs
        AlphabetSequence.sh
        udf_AlphabetSequenceIndex.sql
        AlphabetSequence.vb
    Perhaps, other programming languages should have their own sample code. The author is only conversant in English and Yoruba, additional work will be to see the use in other lingua franca. And, the priest said, Are one only for me?

    Data Residence

    Where should the data reside? Database, JSON or XML files?
    Which side, the love felt?

    SQL returns records in rows; there is a result set. Would we, be able, to amalgate the result set? For example, how can we, find themes in the Bible? When you enter a topic, can we return a trend? Clustering, can we return a number; as its present ( 1 Kings 19:11-13 )?
    Where I arrive, is where He as conclusively use

    Initially, when I got a word, I made efforts to expound, on this word; but now, I share the word, and wait on God to reinforce the word, or share a new theme.

    2019-05-30 My ancestral home is Ile-Ife, the site of the Oranmiyan staff. My search for the word, Staff, inspired relating the Bible to my life. Staff, first occurs in, ( Genesis 32:10 ). In my ninth year, my twin sibling and I, relocated from Ile-Ife Staff School to Lagos. In our tenth year, we visited London. In my 32nd year, I re-located to the United States of America (USA).
    I Am letting myself; be many as a people.

    God intended man, to be a personal use. The work of the author is an individual effort, and it targets a singular person. The author separates his work into web pages, but the user may click on a hyperlink, to get more information, and sometime do additional work. The work of the author, builds on the efforts of other people, like the Bible, dictionary and commentary. The HisWord table and associated queries, only currently refers to the contribution of the author. How could we, specialize our work? Who uses, and for what? The setting, is it normal? What are the influence of God, as a person? What are His contribution, solely to man? What part of Him, as He analyzed, as a person? What role, as man, placed on Me? What stimulate you, as a human being; is where My opinion placed? The author read the Bible and listened to His word, prior to the introduction of AlphabetSequence. Where do we follow, His partnership? He has said the word; I have collaborated with Him.
    Outstanding Work

    The source code and schema are available at Github.com. This means that the public can review and make updates to the original work of the author. This aged work is not up-to-date with the industry trend, such as cloud computing, mobile applications, decentralized ledger, nosql. Part of the justification for this immaturity; is the need to maintain a low entry point and capture a wide audience for its adoption.

    WhoIs for social networking sites like WordPress, Github, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, etc. When nothing without Me; is sufficient without Me. Where I retain.

    I use grammarcheck.net. I am proposing a specialization to correct scripture reference. For example, there are many questions and answers, but a further development is to automate the task of correction ( Luke 3:23, Matthew 22:41-46, Matthew 22:28, Mark 7, Genesis 38 ). They are not one another.

    When does He say a word, when does He put a thought ( Daniel 5:25-28 )? Ability to say.

    When does He talk in the past, present or future?

    Which is the information container? The ActToGod table, Major column value, Comparative verse; supercedes the WordsInTheBible table; which is the exact word for the King James Version (KJV) and not all versions of the Bible; and doesn't take into consideration the English language British versus American spelling, such as favour versus favor, nor the generic word, such as, man versus men. When is this, anointing of the Spirit ( 1 Samuel 2:26, Luke 2:52 )?

    Can you create a fictitious record in the Contact table, that meet later fulfillment. This record in the contact table will contain a word that is placeable in the title or company field/column. This information is substantiable in the commentary column of the CaseBasedReasoning table. This is compatible to Ghost city. A bit column is settable, for this contact. It allows to keep the contact ID as a foreign key. A record to be someone else.

    The effort of the author is to share and comprehend the word of God. What can the author provide to the other; to substantiate the work of the author? God made man as similar to Him to see how life can be? If I spoke the same, how am I the same? I know, I am. The love of being the same supersedes feeling the same. Being in the spirit; is alluding to the sufficiency of men.

    When did He immediately get what He wanted? Who 	What 	When 	Where 	Why 	Scripture Reference
    Abraham 	Sacrifice 	3 days 	Mount 	Tempt 	Genesis 22
    Jesus Christ 	Sacrifice and resurrection 	3 days 	Jerusalem at Golgotda 	Tempt 	Matthew 27:33, Mark 15:22, John 19:17, Matthew 16:21, Matthew 17:23, Matthew 20:19, Matthew 27:64, Mark 9:31, Mark 10:34, Luke 9:22, Luke 13:32, Luke 18:33, Luke 24:7, Luke 24:21, Luke 24:46

    Terminology - Words and Meaning

    When you write a thesis, it is a paradigm work, shift in thinking, and it should contain a terminology section. The practice of the author will be to list existing words, and include their meanings. For technical jargons, the author will rely on the Internet, as a definition resource. If the author is introducing a new word, the author will explain its meaning, but this is rare.

    WordEngineering Created of an intellect.

    Client-Side Programs
        The norm of today is to build with HTML, JavaScript, CSS.

    Database
        The database of choice is Microsoft SQL Server. Prior to specializing on SQL Server, the author experienced fifth generation scripting languages such as dBase, R:BASE, Clipper, Access, FoxPro; other relational databases, like Oracle, SQL Anywhere from Watcom, Sybase, and Informix. When the author applies the Microsoft implementation of SQL, Transact-SQL and SQL CLR or SQLCLR (SQL Common Language Runtime) the author risks not being vendor-agnostic. 

    HyperText Markup Language (HTML)
        The document that the reader is currently reading, uses rudimentary formatting and links. JavaScript dynamically accesses and updates the Document Object Model (DOM). During the first page load, the application retrieves the available Bible versions. Based on the user's request, the application generates the result sets, on-the-fly. 

    HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
        The web uses the HTTP network protocol; there is a limit to how many requests that a particular host, may handle simultaneously. 

    HTTP Client (or Web Browser)
        There is partiality of the author towards Mozilla's Firefox, because Mozilla is a non-profit organization, committed to web standards, and it was closely associated with Brendan Eich, the creator of JavaScript, the software is open source, and its gives us the opportunity to test our Microsoft implemented software in a non-proprietary, vendor neutral environment. For compatibility with standard, the author performs tests on Microsoft's Internet Explorer (MSIE), Google's Chrome, mobile telephones emulators and simulation. 

    HTTP Server
        The author use Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS), the author has experience with both the Apache HTTP Server, Apache Tomcat Server. The author preference for IIS, includes its tight integration to the Windows Operating System, SQL Server and .net framework. 

    Latency
        This is the amount of time, it takes to respond to request. The use of AJAX, helps to decrease the duration, the length of time, it takes to load-up a page. 

    Linking
        This dissertation depends on the structural navigation links for the table of contents. The associative links help to drill-down to particular scripture reference and Bible words. The author also lists, outbound links, re-direct to source web references, as in the bibliography section. Registration with search engines is one of the ways to encourage incoming links. 

    Machine Learning
        A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T and performance measure P, if its performance at tasks in T, as measured by P, improves with experience E (Goodfellow et al. 2016). Machine Learning takes as input: data and answers and derives rules (Bileschi et al. 2020). 

    Page Size
        The HTML file sizes are small; since the author distributes the work between HTML, JavaScript, CSS and the back-end source files. 

    Page Title
        The page title is a microcontent that serves as a prominent content in search engine listing, bookmarks, history lists and the page header on the browser. 

    Semantic HTML
        This is the choice of a particular HTML tag, to reinforce its meaning and content. 

    Server-Side Programs
        Ever circulating?

    Style Sheet
        The author prefers linked to embedded style sheet. 

    Web Application
        The everyday web pages of the author include:
            GetAPage.html
            BibleWord.html
            ScriptureReference.html
            DateDifference.aspx

    WordEngineering
        To study the Bible by using an engineering approach.

    "
    Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK)
    Tasks

    How to go about it?
    Purpose

    The author's original intention was to record God's word. This later led to finding the word's background and implication.
    Inputs

    The data input is currently being done manually, but the author looks forward to electronic automation. The identity and date are potential external inputs. The scripture reference requires Bible knowledge.
    Elements

    Word processing flows more naturally than data entry.
    Guidelines and tools

    A relational database is a substitute for text processing.
    Stakeholders

    I am the primary contributor and beneficiary.
    Outputs

    Outputs are created, transformed, or changed in state? The constancy of the word is what we have shown.
    " (Alison Cox). "
    RACI matrix. RACI is an abbreviation for Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, and Informed
    Stakeholder 	Task
    Responsible 	The actual person doing the work.
    Accountable 	The person that is answerable for the correct completion of the deliverable or task. Only one person is accountable for each task or deliverable.
    Consulted 	The subject matter experts (SMEs) that participate in two-way communication.
    Informed 	The recipients of one-way progress report.
    Task 	Responsible 	Accountable 	Consulted 	Informed
    Obtain funding for project 		Executive Sponsor 		Business Analyst
    Create business case 	Executive Sponsor 	Project Manager 	Business Analyst 	
    Create requirements phase estimates 	Business Analyst 	Project Manager 	Business Subject Matter Expert (SME) 	
    Create design phase estimates 	Business Analyst 	Project Manager 	Technical Personnel 	
    Create build phase estimates 	Technical Personnel 	Project Manager 	Usability Engineer, Regulator (Legal), Database Adminstrator (DBA) 	
    Create implementation phase estimates 	Project Manager 	Project Manager 	Business Analyst, Technical Writer, Technical Personnel 	
    Create work-breakdown structure (WBS) (Project Plan) 	Project Manager 	Project Manager 	Business Analyst, Technical Personnel 	
    Elicit business processes and requirements 	Business Analyst 	Project Manager 	Business Subject Matter Expert (SME) 	Executive Sponsor
    Design Solution 	Business Analyst, Technical Personnel 	Project Manager 	Business Subject Matter Expert (SME), Quality Assurance (QA), Usability Engineer, Regulator (Legal), Database Adminstrator 	
    Create implementation material 	Technical Writer 	Project Manager 	Business Subject Matter Expert (SME), Technical Personnel 	
    " (Alison Cox). "
    Database Modeling
    Entity-Relationship (ER) Model
    Entities

    A relational database identifies an entity as a table. In object-oriented programming, an entity is referred to as a class. The author's specific work is in the HisWord, ActToGod, Remember, APass tables. The scripture table serves as input for scripture reference, Bible word search, and gauge for AlphabetSequence.
    Attributes

    The Holy Spirit informed the Word.
    Identifiers

    Previously, the author thought of the word as unique.
    Relationships

    In most cases, surrogate keys such as ContactID, HisWordID are pointers to associations.
    Degree-Two Relationships

    Normalization results in a master Contact table with multiple details. There is a one-to-many (1:N) relationship.
    Cardinality
    Maximum cardinality

    This is the largest number of possible occurrences on one side of a relationship. There can be only one contact for each contact detail.
    Minimum cardinality

    There may be no contact details for a contact.
    Strength of Entity

    The contact entity is strong because it can exist on its own. The weak contact details are existence-dependent on the contact entity.
    ID-dependent entities

    The weak contact details, primary keys include their ContactID.
    Relational Model
    View

    A view is a virtual table that does not reside permanently on a physical storage. The MyURI view is a union of all the URI tables. The ViewContactSet view is a join of the columns in the Contact and contact details tables. The HisWord_view view appends computed columns to the HisWord table.
    Users

    The general operating system and compact database are the 2 types of authentication.
    " (Allen G. Taylor).
    Design Pattern
    Title 	Description 	Commentary 	Universal Resource Index (URI)
    Accessor Pattern 	Get and set an attribute by using a property. 	The boundary to a property value. Readonly is achievable by disabling the set method. 	
    Delegation Pattern 	Composition substitutes for inheritance. 	The author does not inherit any class. But the author delegates by using composition to include existing services. 	BibleBook.cs
    Factory Pattern 	Create subclasses from one or more methods. 	At runtime, instantiate a variable object. 	BallFactory.java
    Immutable Pattern 	An immutable object is unchangeable after creation. 	A string object is immutable. Although behind the scenes a string object is a reference type, it is treatable like a value type. A StringBuilder object is changeable. 	
    Marker interface Pattern 	The marker interface pattern is empty. It is metadata that refers to additional work. Examples in Java include Cloneable, Remote, Serializable. 	A class may implement the cloneable interface to identify support for the clone method, which may perform shallow or deep copy. 	BibleBook.java
    Singleton Pattern 	Only a single instance is createable. 	At Daigaku Honyaku Center (DHC) there was a database table which is a reference and contains a single record. 	SingletonPatternBible.java
    "
    Data quality management
        Data quality standards: The author is importing religious data from trusted sources. The author is following rigorous practice.
        Data quality assessment: The author is reducing human error by automating labor. Once a process is understood, the author computerizes the work.
        Data quality monitoring: The work has been on-going for at least the last 20 years; therefore, there is awareness of the expected results.
        Data quality reporting: There have been spurious cases of data loss, referential integrity violation, corrupt databases, computer breakdown and hard disk not recoverable.
        Data quality issue management: Having data facing the Internet is a risk, so there is password protection, no web access, little metadata.
        Data quality improvement: The author educates about data safety.
    Data observability
        Data pipeline tracking: Microsoft SQL Server offers overwhelming statistics. There is information on the duration of backup, restore and other tasks in its maintenance plan, profiler, query plan, logs.
        Data quality assessment: Microsoft .NET limits the timeout between request and response. Data growth is manageable by size or percentage. Schema changes are done via Transact-SQL, which propagates.
    " (Petr Travkin). "
    Unified Modeling Language (UML)
    " (Unified Modeling Language)
    Common Structure

    UML composes elements and relationships as in its predecessor Entity-Relationship (ER) diagrams.

    A model contains elements which may have descendants for specializations. A contact may have children such as addresses. When a contact is removed, this cascades to the removal of its children.

    Comments do not impact programatically, they only serve as guides for readers.

    A directed relationship may exist between a collection of source and target.

    A namespace is a container separator.

    An import facilitates the admittance of an external namespace.

    Types and multiplicity restrict the units of information. For example, a scripture reference can only identify book titles, chapters and verses. For the King James Version of the Bible, the cardinality of the books is 66.

    A constraint represents the range of valid values that a member may have.

    A dependency replicates changes between the supplier/client.
    Value

    Lack of a value is null. A data type may place its own degree of significance on a value. For example integer versus (VS) decimal, date versus (VS) datetime.

    A string is a combination of alphabets, numbers and symbols. For example, as in scripture reference, when it may concatenate Bible book titles, chapters, verses, and separators.

    An integer is a whole number. For example, BibleReference which consists of Book ID, chapter and verse.

    A Boolean is either true or false and it is normally used for validation.

    A real is a number with decimal relevance, such as ratios and percentages.
    Classification

    This work is largely based on migrating from free-text to relational data. Classification serves well with scripture reference pre and post, and book titles, chapters and verses. The C# language class instantiations occur in ScriptureReferenceHelper.cs Exact.cs

    The author's work has not featured inheritance. There are no generalizations, parents, nor specializations, children, classes. A substitution for this is an interface, such as, IScriptable UtilitySQLServerManagementObjectsSMO.cs A child may override a parent's virtual member.

    In the C# language, an abstract class is static, not instantiable. A static class may contain extension methods.

    Signals and receptions are similar to events and handlers. A page load or close is an asynchronous signal that its subscribers handle separately. A click event is triggered and resolved internally.

    Microsoft .Net supports components such as a pre-compiled dynamic link library (.dll), and compiling web forms and web services at first request. Web form matured from code-behind to code-beside.

    For the Java language, there must be a correlation between package and directory names. Microsoft .Net does not impose such consistency. But the author abides by this rule.

    In C# version 9, a method may offer a covariant return type.
    References
        ABB (Asea Brown Boveri) W3C web page; Available from http://library.e.abb.com/public/179a76f3712c48679204512445b2c292/ABB-Dev-SQL Server Coding Standards (9AAD134842-A).pdf?x-sign=rM2cBkGQoBq+zuZD7VwLi7yyxByXUZQLSjhrinyewWFk1JCmx72di36xtJPdMXbs
        Dive into Deep Learning W3C web page; Available from d2l.ai
        The Coming Prince Sir Robert Anderson; W3C web page; Available from http://www.WhatSaithTheScripture.com/Voice/The.Coming.Prince.html
        Musings on the C charter Aaron Ballman, 2023-12-29; W3C web page; Available from http://blog.aaronballman.com/2023/12/musings-on-the-c-charter
        T-SQL Fundamentals Itzik Ben-Gan; W3C web page; Available from http://www.microsoftpressstore.com/articles/article.aspx?p=3178897
        Deep Learning with JavaScript: Neural networks in TensorFlow.js Stanley Bileschi, Eric Nielsen, Shanqing Cai; Simon and Schuster, Jan 24, 2020; W3C web page; Available from http://books.google.com/books?id=-DozEAAAQBAJ
        Practical Statistics for Data Scientists Peter Bruce & Andrew Bruce; W3C web page; Available from http://cdn.oreillystatic.com/oreilly/booksamplers/9781491952962_sampler.pdf
        RESTful or RESTless –Current State of Today’s Top Web APIs Frederik B ̈ulthoff, Maria Maleshkova AIFB, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany frederik.buelthoff@student.kit.edu, maria.maleshkova@kit.edu; W3C web page; Available from http://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10514.pdf
        HTML5 and CSS3, Seventh Edition: Visual Quick Start Guide Elizabeth Castro and Bruce Hyslop; W3C web page; Available from http://bruceontheloose.com/htmlcss
        Search Engine Optimization All-in-One for Dummies 9 books in 1 Bruce Clay and Kristopher B. Jones; W3C web page; Available from http://BruceClay.com
        Codd's twelve rules Edgar Frank "Ted" Codd W3C web page; Available from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codd%27s_12_rules
        Learning Made Easy. 2nd Edition. Business Analysis for Dummies. A Wiley Brand. Ali (Alison) Cox. Lead Expert in Business Analysis & Agile for Netmind; ISBN: 978-1-119-91249-1. http://linkedin.com/in/aliorrcox
        Department of Computer Science at the University of Cape Town MSc-IT Study Material W3C web page; Available from http://www.cs.uct.ac.za/mit_notes/web_programming/pdfs/chp01.pdf
        Separation of concerns Edsger W. Dijkstra W3C web page; Available from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns
        The Bible Code Michael Drosnin (1997); W3C web page; Available from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bible_code
        The Art of Storytelling in Academic Writing: 5 Steps to a Better Research Paper W3C web page; Available from http://www.edit911.com/the-art-of-storytelling-in-academic-writing-5-steps-to-a-better-research-paper
        Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft SQL Server T-SQL in 10 Minutes Ben Forta (2017); W3C web page; Available from
        SQL Server Execution Plans Third Edition For SQL Server 2008 through to 2017 and Azure SQL Database Grant Fritchey (2018); W3C web page; Available from http://assets.red-gate.com/community/books/sql-server-execution-plans-3rd-edition.pdf
        Deep Learning a Visual Approach Andrew Glassner (2021-06-22); W3C web page; Available from http://www.glassner.com/portfolio/deep-learning-a-visual-approach
        Deep Learning Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville (2016); W3C web page; Available from http://www.deeplearningbook.org
        Resilient, Declarative, Contextual Keith J. Grant (2018-06-08); W3C web page; Available from http://keithjgrant.com/posts/2018/06/resilient-declarative-contextual
        High Performance Browser Networking Ilya Grigorik (2013); W3C web page; Available from http://hpbn.co
        Deciding which bugs to fix Ian Hickson (2023); W3C web page; Available from http://ln.hixie.ch/?start=1674863881&count=1
        Modern Data Infrastructure Dynamics Drowning in Data: A Guide to Surviving the Data-Driven Decade Ahead Hitachi (2023); W3C web page; Available from http://hitachivantara.com/en-us/pdfd/analyst-content/modern-data-infrastructure-dynamics-report.pdf
        Designing for Performance Weighing Aesthetics and Speed Lara Callender Hogan (2014); W3C web page; Available from http://designingforperformance.com
        Hyperpiler Brian Holt; W3C web page; Available from http://patents.google.com/patent/US10942709B2/en
        Consumer-Centric API Design Thomas Hunter II (2014-08-09); W3C web page; Available from http://thomashunter.name/posts/2014-08-09-consumer-centric-api-design-a-creative-commons-book
        Write Great Code: Volume 3 Engineering Software Chapter 2 Productivity Randall Hyde; W3C web page; Available from http://RandallHyde.com
        Learning Made Easy. Data Analytics & Visualization. A Wiley Brand. Jack A. Hyman, Luca Massaron, Paul McFedries, John Paul Mueller, Lillian Pierson, Jonathan Reichental, Joseph Schmuller, Alan R. Simon, Allen G. Taylor ISBN: 978-1-394-24409-6. http://www.wiley.com/en-us/Data+Analytics+%26+Visualization+All+in+One+For+Dummies-p-9781394244102
        Improving Software Development Productivity: Effective Leadership and Quantitative Methods in Software Management Randall W. Jensen (2014); W3C web page; Available from http://books.google.com/books/about/Improving_Software_Development_Productiv.html?id=LnVTBAAAQBAJ
        The Definitive Guide to SQL Server Performance Don Jones (2002); W3C web page; Available from http://content.marketingsherpa.com/heap/realtp/1a.pdf
        LOOPE Lingo Object Oriented Programming Environment Irv Kalb (2000-2004); W3C web page; Available from http://furrypants.com/loope/index.htm
        Building Websites All-In-One for Dummies David Karlins, Doug Sahlin (2012); ISBN: 978-1-118-27003-5 W3C web page; Available from http://www.google.com/books/edition/Building_Web_Sites_All_in_One_Desk_Refer/cfDRYLDyKcoC?hl=en
        Adam Kelleher W3C web page; Available from AdamKelleher.com
        Machine Learning in Production: Developing and Optimizing Data Science Workflows and Applications (Addison-Wesley Data & Analytics Series) 1st Edition Andrew Kelleher, Adam Kelleher (2019); W3C web page; Available from https://www.google.com/books/edition/Machine_Learning_in_Production/7zuIDwAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&printsec=frontcover
        Designing data-Intensive Applications Literature References Martin Kleppmann; W3C web page; Available from http://www.github.com/ept/ddia-references
        SQL in a Nutshell Kevin Kline, Regina O. Obe, Leo S. Hsu (June 14, 2022); ISBN: 9781492088813, 1492088811 Page count: 840 Publisher: O'Reilly Media W3C web page; Available from http://google.com/books/edition/SQL_in_a_Nutshell/MEZ1EAAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=0
        Shoe Dog A Memoir by the Creator of Nike Philip Knight (April 26, 2016); W3C web page; Available from http://www.google.com/books/edition/Shoe_Dog/wO3PCgAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=0
        Koinonia House W3C web page; Available from http://www.khouse.org
        Normalization in Relational Databases: First Normal Form (1NF), Second Normal Form (2NF), and Third Normal Form (3NF) Agnieszka Kozubek (December 1, 2020); W3C web page; Available from http://www.vertabelo.com/blog/normalization-1nf-2nf-3nf
        The TCP/IP Guide Charles M. Kozierok (2003-2017); W3C web page; Available from http://www.tcpipguide.com
        Cascading Style Sheets Håkon Wium Lie (2006); W3C web page; Available from http://www.wiumlie.no/2006/phd/
        Learning Made Easy 7th Edition Java All-In-One for dummies A Wiley brand 8 books in one! Doug Lowe (2023); W3C web page; Available from http://www.dummies.com/go/javaaiofd7e
        Righting Software Juval Löwy of IDesign (2019-11-27); W3C web page; Available from http://books.google.com/books?id=Q3jADwAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover
        Web Style Guide Patrick J. Lynch and Sarah Horton; W3C web page; Available from http://www.webstyleguide.com
        WebAssembly versus JavaScript: Energy and Runtime Performance Jo˜ao De Macedo∗†, Rui Abreu‡, Rui Pereira†, Jo˜ao Saraiva∗† University of Minho †HASLab/INESC Tec ‡Faculty of Engineering of University of Porto & INESC-ID a76268@alunos.uminho.pt, rui@computer.org, rui.a.pereira@inesctec.pt, saraiva@di.uminho.pt W3C web page; Available from http://repositorio.inesctec.pt/server/api/core/bitstreams/0870fb76-d463-456b-9e34-5b33bb7c0dd1/content
        The 16 Undeniable Laws of Communication John Calvin Maxwell (March 28, 2023) W3C web page; Available from http://www.google.com/books/edition/The_16_Undeniable_Laws_of_Communication/XSqdEAAAQBAJ?hl=en
        Steve McConnell W3C web page; Available from http://www.stevemcconnell.com
        Stephen C. Meyer W3C web page; Available from http://www.stephencmeyer.org
        Are Religion and Science in Conflict? — Science and God Stephen C. Meyer (December 20, 2021); W3C web page; Available from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb_qj7KzV1o
        data-Science-For-Beginners Microsoft; W3C web page; Available from http://www.github.com/microsoft/data-Science-For-Beginners
        Web-Dev-For-Beginners Microsoft; W3C web page; Available from http://www.github.com/microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners
        Writing Style Guide Microsoft; W3C web page; Available from http://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome
        DB2 Developer's Guide Craig S. Mullins (May 2000); W3C web page; Available from http://www.craigsmullins.com
        Scalability and Performance: Different but Crucial Database Management Capabilities Craig S. Mullins (2023-12-18); W3C web page; Available from http://www.dbta.com/Columns/DBA-Corner/Scalability-and-Performance-Different-but-Crucial-Database-Management-Capabilities-161866.aspx
        Semantic Pattern Mining Based Web Service Recommendation Hafida Na ̈ım, Mustapha Aznag, Nicolas Durand, and Mohamed Quafafou Aix-Marseille University, CNRS, LSIS UMR 7296, 13397, Marseille, France.hafida.naim@etu.univ-amu.fr{mustapha.aznag, nicolas.durand, mohamed.quafafou}@univ-amu.fr (2016); W3C web page; Available from http://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-01465113/document
        Nation-brands.gfk.com gfk (2017); W3C web page; Available from http://Nation-brands.gfk.com
        Designing Web Usability: The Practice of Simplicity (2000) Jakob Nielsen; W3C web page; Available from http://www.useit.com
        Object Management Group® (OMG®) Unified Modeling Language (UML) Object Management Group® (OMG®) W3C web page; Available from http://www.omg.org/spec/UML
        Refactoring Object-Oriented Frameworks William F. Opdyke (1992); W3C web page; Available from http://laputan.org/pub/papers/opdyke-thesis.pdf
        How To Write A Dissertation or Bedtime Reading For People Who Do Not Have Time To Sleep W3C web page; Available from https://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/dec/essay.dissertation.html
        Microsoft SQL Server 2014 Unleashed Rankins, R., Bertucci, P., Gallelli, C., Silverstein, A. T.; (2015) ISBN-13: 978-0672337291 ISBN-10: 0672337290
        The Staff Engineer's Path Tanya Reilly (September 20, 2022); W3C web page; Available from http://noidea.dog
        An Analysis of the Dynamic Behavior of JavaScript Programs Gregor Richards, Sylvain Lebresne, Brian Burg, Jan Vitek (2010); W3C web page; Available from http://brrian.org/papers/pldi2010-dynamics-of-JavaScript.pdf
        The Yellow Pad Making Better Decisions in an Uncertain World Rubin, Robert Edward (May 16, 2023); W3C web page; Available from robertrubin.com/the-yellow-pad
        The Joy of Search: A Google Insider's Guide to Going Beyond the Basics Russell, Daniel M. (September 6, 2019); W3C web page; Available from http://google.com/books/edition/The_Joy_of_Search/aGquDwAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&printsec=frontcover
        Home Page & Site Dan Russell W3C web page; Available from http://sites.google.com/site/dmrussell
        SQL Server 2008 Transact-SQL Recipes Joseph Sack (2008); ISBN: 978-1-59059-980-8 W3C web page; Available from http://www.apress.com/us/book/9781590599808?token=cyberweek18&utm_campaign=3_fjp8312_Apress_US_PLA_cyberweek18#otherversion=9781430206255
        Search engine indexing W3C web page; Available from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_indexing
        Option B: Facing Adversity, Building Resilience, and Finding Joy Sheryl Sandberg and Adam Grant (2017); W3C web page; Available from http://www.optionb.org/book
        Let Go To Grow: Escaping the Commodity Trap. Linda S. Sanford, Dave Taylor Linda S. Sanford with Dave Taylor (2006); ISBN: 0-13-148208-4 W3C web page; Available from Let Go To Grow: Escaping the Commodity Trap. Linda S. Sanford, Dave Taylor Pearson Education, Dec 12, 2005 - Business & Economics - 224 pages. In Let Go To Grow , IBM senior executive Linda Sanford and long-time entrepreneur Dave Taylor show exactly how to do that.
        Performance Issues and Optimizations in JavaScript: An Empirical Study Marija Selakovic and Michael Pradel (October 2015); W3C web page; Available from http://mp.binaervarianz.de/JS_perf_study_TR_Oct2015.pdf
        A Practical Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis Clifford A. Shaffer; W3C web page; Available from http://people.cs.vt.edu/shaffer/Book/C++3elatest.pdf
        Jonathan Snook W3C web page; Available from http://www.smacss.com
        Stoyan Stefanov W3C web page; Available from http://www.BookOfSpeed.com
        Bjarne Stroustrup W3C web page; Available from http://www.stroustrup.com
        SQL All-In-One for dummies, 3rd Edition Allen G. Taylor (2019); W3C web page; Available from http://google.com/books/edition/SQL_All_in_One_For_Dummies/0wGQDwAAQBAJ?hl=en
        SQL All-In-One for dummies, 4th Edition Allen G. Taylor with Richard Blum (2024); W3C web page; Available from http://google.com/books/edition/SQL_All_in_One_For_Dummies/y3_9EAAAQBAJ?hl=en
        Research Proposal Guidelines (2021-07-01) Dennis Yi Tenen; W3C web page; Available from http://www.DennisTenen.com/think.stack/research-proposal-guide
        The Twelve-Factor App W3C web page; Available from http://www.12factor.net
        The Handy Engineering Answer Book DeLean Tolbert Smith, Debra-Ann C. Butler, Aishwary Pawar, Nicole P. Pitterson (2022-09-20) W3C web page; Available from http://www.google.com/books/edition/The_Handy_Engineering_Answer_Book/qx9-EAAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1
        Data Observability: Is It Data Quality Monitoring or More? Petr Travkin, Senior Manager, Data Analytics Consulting, at EPAM Systems, Inc. (2023-02-27) W3C web page; Available from http://www.dbta.com/Editorial/Think-About-It/data-Observability-Is-It-data-Quality-Monitoring-or-More-157257.aspx
        Python for Data Science A Hands-On Introduction Yuli Vasiliev (2022-08-02); W3C web page; Available from http://google.com/books/edition/Python_for_Data_Science/VqNgEAAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&printsec=frontcover
        Building Maintainable Software Ten Guidelines for Future-Proof Code Joost Visser, Pascal van Eck of Software Improvement Group, B.V. Amsterdam, Netherlands; W3C web page; Available from http://www.sig.eu/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Building_Maintainable_Software_C_Sharp_SIG.pdf
        Supervised Learning with Python Concepts and Practical Implementation Using Python Vaibhav Verdhan, Ireland; W3C web page; Available from http://www.allitebooks.com/supervised-learning-with-python
        Design for How People Think: Using Brain Science to Build Better Products Book John Whalen, PhD; W3C web page; Available from https://www.google.com/books/edition/Design_for_How_People_Think/UFSQDwAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&printsec=frontcover
        Wikipedia W3C web page; Available from http://www.wikipedia.org
        Urim and Thummim Wikipedia W3C web page; Available from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urim_and_Thummim
        Microservice Eberhard Wolff; W3C web page; Available from http://www.microservices-book.com
        Mobile First Luke Wroblewski W3C web page; Available from http://mobile-first.abookapart.com
        My UX Process Charles Wyke-Smith (2022); W3C web page; Available from http://WykeSmith.com
    Appendices
    Diagrams
    2018-08-06T1700Entity-Relationship Model - Contact.png
    Entity-Relationship Model - Contact
    2018-08-07Object Model Diagram.png
    Object Model Diagram
    2018-08-07Use Case Diagram.png
    Use Case Diagram
    2018-08-07Sequence Diagram.png
    Sequence Diagram
    2018-08-08Deployment Diagram.png
    Deployment Diagram
    2018-10-31ClassDiagram.png
    Class Diagram
    2020-08-24OccurrenceOnTheWord.png
    Occurrence on the word
    "SQL Server Execution Plan" (Grant Fritchey).
    SQL Server Execution Plan - ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Genesis 22, Daniel 9:24-27, John 1:1, Jude
    ScriptureReference.sql ScriptureReference.sqlplan ScriptureReference.png

    The SQL script contains four scripture references; therefore, there are four execution plans. Three of these execution plans, Query 1, 3 and 4, will solely make use of the low cost clustered index primary key seek, PK_Scripture. These three have trivial optimization levels.

    Query 2 does an Index Seek on the IDX_Scripture_VerseIDSequence, since the where clause is on the VerseIDSequence column. The IDX_Scripture_VerseIDSequence indexes on the VerseIDSequence column; it is not a covering index, since the Select column-list includes the BookID, ChapterID, VerseID; therefore, the PK_Scripture is referenced as well in a Key Lookup. Both the Index Seek and the Key Lookup have Seek Predicates, and the Nested Loops will join the results.
    "The Definitive Guide to SQL Server Performance" (Don Jones).
    Performance Monitor - SQL Server Objects
    http://content.marketingsherpa.com/heap/realtp/1a.pdf SQL Server Objects 	Commentary
    SQLServer:Access Methods 	Logical data access.
    SQLServer:Buffer Manager Object 	Physical data access. Such as, Buffer cache hit ratio, is how often, data is accessible from memory, rather than the hard disk.
    Artifact Description
    2019-10-05ArtifactDescription.html
    Background

    The author's country of birth, Nigeria, gained independence on, 1960-10-01, a Biblical generation before the end of the second millennium (plural millennia). There are 2570 days between 1960-10-01 and the author's date of birth, 1967-10-15. Nigeria became a republic on 1963-10-01; The difference in days between when Nigeria became a republic, 1963-10-01, and 1967-10-15; is 1475 days; 4 Biblical years, 1 month, 5 days; 4 Gregorian years, 2 weeks. The difference in days, between the creation of Lagos State, 1967-05-27 and the author's date of birth is 141 days (4 biblical months, 21 days) (4 months, 2 weeks, 4 days).

    1967-10-15 + 75 Biblical years is 2041-09-16 (Genesis 12:4).

    1984-07-17 is the date of the author's 17th Biblical birthday (Genesis 37:2). The date of recording this information is 2020-10-23, Epoch timestamp: 1603454400

    Jesus Christ began His ministry at the age of thirty, and the estimate is that He served for three years (Luke 3:23). The author was born on 1967-10-15 thirty-three years before the end of the second millennium. 1967-10-15...2000-01-01 = 11766 days (32 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 6 days) (32 years, 2 months, 2 weeks, 3 days). 1967-10-15 B.C....1967-10-15 A.D. = 1436515 days = 47196 months = 3933 years. My thirtieth, 30th, Biblical years birthday will occur on 1997-05-10. My thirty-third, 33rd, Biblical years birthday will occur on 2000-04-24. Between 1967-10-15 and 1968-04-04 are 172 days (5 biblical months, 22 days) (5 months, 2 weeks, 6 days). Between 1967-10-15 and 1968-10-15 are 366 days (1 biblical year, 6 days) (1 year, 1 day). Between 1967's Easter Day, 1967-03-26, and 1967-10-15, is 203 days (6 biblical months, 23 days) (6 months, 2 weeks, 5 days). Between 0032-04-06 and 1967-10-15, is 706935 days (1963 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 15 days) (1935 years, 6 months, 1 week, 1 day) 49.09270833 Biblical generations, 280.529761 weeks of years.

    At the age of twelve, Jesus Christ, His father and mother, worshipped at the temple, in Jerusalem. The author worshipped at Saint Edward's Catholic Church on 2002-07-01, 3.5 Biblical years, after coming to the U.S. (Luke 2:42, Matthew 9:20, Mark 5:25, Mark 5:42). The author deportation to Nigeria, occurred in 1988, twelve-years, before the beginning of the third millennium; and forty-years after Israel's independence. The author first visited the United States of America, as a twelve-years old; and he re-located to Australia before the age of twenty-four. Deported at the age of twenty; and returned before turning thirty-two; a twelve-year period (Nehemiah 5:14). 2022-01-12 What should I, later use? ( Exodus 4:12 ). Decoy Terrace, South Center. Past the house of James. What are beyond out type? Merit the word. The birthday of biological mother is 1944-01-12. The birthday of paternal aunt is 1948-01-30. The average day of the month is (30 + 12 / 2) = 42 / 2 = 21. I was deported as a 20 year old, just prior to my 21st birthday. Can you become a man? Can you form a man? 1614th verse. 1614 - 816 = 798. Between 1999-01-22 and 2020-06-12, there are 7812 days (21 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 12 days) (21 years, 4 months, 3 weeks). 360 * 12 = 4320, the telephone country code for Nigeria is 234. Moses lived for 120 Biblical years, 120 * 360 = 43200. At twelve post meridiem, 12PM, the elapsed time is forty three thousand, two hundred, 43200, seconds. The author's ancestral home is Ile-Ife. The author's place of birth is Lagos. When the author's biological parents re-located to the United States of America (USA), the author re-located to Ile-Ife. Lagos is the economic capital of Nigeria, and Ile-Ife is the cradle of the Yoruba land. The author re-located from Staff School, University of Ife, as a nine-year old; to Lagos, a two-hour journey. Abati Nursery and Primary School. 1967-10-15 + 9 Biblical years = 1967-10-15 + 3240 = 1976-08-28. In February 1992, the author started work at Information Dialling Services (IDS) White International LonSyd.

    The singular word, centurion, occurs twenty-one times in the Bible; its plural word, centurions, occurs three times in the Bible; therefore, centurion(s), occurs twenty-four times in the Bible.

    In Australia, the author first worked at:
    Australian Army Headquarters Training Command
    Suakin Drive
    Georges Heights NSW 2088
    Telephone 61 2 9960 9452
    Fax 61 2 9960 9452

    The word, covenant, occurs twenty-four times in the New Testament. The word, marriage, occurs sixteen times in the New Testament.

    The United Nations began on 1945-10-24, between then, and 1988-10-15, are 15697 days (43 biblical years, 7 biblical months, 7 days) (42 years, 11 months, 3 weeks). (24 - 20) / (70 - 20) = 8% (Numbers 1:3, Psalms 90:10).

    1966 Nigerian coup d'état occurred between 1966-01-15 and 1966-01-16 and the author was born on 1967-10-15, 638 days, after.

    Biafra commenced on 1967-05-30, and 1967-10-15 is 138 days, after.

    Between when Summer traditionally begin, June 21, and October 15, is a span of (3 months, 3 weeks, 3 days).

    October 15, is the forty-fifth day, in the September, October, November, December cycle.

    Between September 22 and October 15, is 23 days (23 days) (3 weeks, 2 days).

    Between October 15 and when Winter starts, December 21, is a span of 67 days (2 biblical months, 7 days) (2 months, 6 days).

    Between October 15 and when Winter ends, March 20, is a span of 157 days (5 biblical months, 7 days) (5 months, 5 days).

    During Leap years, between the preceding October 15, and May 7, are 205 days (6 biblical months, 25 days).

    Military Occupation Six-Day War was fought between 1967-06-05 and 1967-06-10. I was born on 1967-10-15, and 9 Biblical months, before that, then, was, 1967-01-18. Between 1967-01-18 and 1967-06-10 is 143 days (4 biblical months, 23 days) (4 months, 3 weeks, 2 days).

    2 Biblical years, after I was born, is 1969-10-04. Israel was accepted to the United Nations on 1949-05-11, between then and 1969-10-04, is 7451 days (20 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 11 days) (20 years, 4 months, 3 weeks, 2 days). The adoption of the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine occurred on 1947-11-29, between then, and 1969-10-04, is 7980 days (22 biblical years, 2 biblical months) (21 years, 10 months, 6 days). The 1948 Arab–Israeli War commenced on 1948-05-15, between then, and 1969-10-04, is 7812 days (21 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 12 days) (21 years, 4 months, 2 weeks, 4 days). The 1948 Arab–Israeli War ended on 1949-03-10, between then, and 1969-10-04, is 7513 days (20 biblical years, 10 biblical months, 13 days) (20 years, 6 months, 3 weeks, 3 days).

    Approximately, the author became a fetus, eight weeks after conception, on 1967-03-15. Between when Israel became a nation, 1948-05-14, and 1967-03-15 is 6879 days (19 biblical years, 1 biblical month, 9 days) (18 years, 10 months). Between when United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine 1947-11-29, and 1967-03-15, is 7046 days (19 biblical years, 6 biblical months, 26 days) (19 years, 3 months, 2 weeks). Between when the American Revolutionary War began, 1775-04-19, and 1967-03-15, is 70091 days (194 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 11 days) (191 years, 10 months, 3 weeks, 3 days). Between when the American Revolutionary War ended, 1783-09-03, and 1967-03-15, is 67032 days (186 biblical years, 2 biblical months, 12 days) (183 years, 6 months, 1 week, 5 days). Between when the American Revolutionary War ratification was effective, 1784-05-12, and 1967-03-15, is 66780 days (185 biblical years, 6 biblical months) (182 years, 10 months, 2 days).

    Between the beginning of the 400 Silent Years and 1967-10-15, are 864,455 days.

    Between the end of the 69th week, 0032-04-06, and 1967-10-15, are 706935 days (1963 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 15 days).

    Between the end of the 70th week, if there had been no interruption, 0039-03-01, and 1967-10-15, are 704415 days (1956 biblical years, 8 biblical months, 15 days).

    Between 1967-10-15 and 2020-06-03 are 19225 days (53 biblical years, 4 biblical months, 25 days) (52 years, 7 months, 2 weeks, 5 days).

    The Yoruba tribe speak the Yoruba language and the Yorubas are in the South West of Nigeria. The Yorubas practice the Christians and Moslems religions. The East of Nigeria include the Ibos who speak the Igbo language and are mainly Catholics. The Hausas and Fulanis are in the North of Nigeria. At the Highway 880 South Fremont Exit, the road separates into two, the Alvarado Boulevard, West direction, and Fremont Boulevard, East direction.

    The author's primary languages are English, a Germanic language; and Yoruba, a language spoken by western Nigerians. Between the age of twenty and twenty-four, the author developed Kowe, a word and graphic processor. Kowe is an editor, for typing; Kowe's innovation, is that the typist can type diacritic alphabets by using the function keys combined with the alternate, control, and shift keys. Line drawing is also possible with Kowe. Kowe will translate languages.

    Between 1997 - 1998, the author pursued his Doctorate at the University of Wollongong, New South Wales (NSW), Australia; and he visited Villawood Detention Center, a place for illegal migrants and asylum seekers, every Friday, as a Christian missionary. One of those migrants, a Ghanaian, had been at the detention center for up-to six years, and he corresponded with immigration officials, regularly. The author thought of building a website that will allow these migrants to share their experiences with the rest of the world. However, the Internet, was still in its infancy, and the author's knowledge was lacking. Also there were only dial-up access, at that time; and the inmates at Villawood, did not have computer access.

    Like Jacob, the author's biological father is the second born, and the author is the second twin. Option B: Facing Adversity, Building Resilience, and Finding Joy. I lived in Australia, Down Under, which is in the Asia-Pacific geographical region, for seven years; we can see a demarcation, West and East Germany, North and South Italy. Tokunbo is the author's biological father's fourth child, and she gave birth to twins.

    Massacre of the Innocents. 1967-10-15...1967-12-28, 74 days (2 biblical months, 14 days) (2 months, 1 week, 6 days). 1966-12-28...1967-12-28, 291 days (9 biblical months, 21 days) (9 months, 2 weeks, 3 days). 2003-12-28...2004-07-11, 196 days (6 biblical months, 16 days) (6 months, 1 week, 6 days). 2004-07-11...2004-12-28, 170 days (5 biblical months, 20 days) (5 months, 2 weeks, 3 days).
    Prophecy & Fulfillment
    From	1997-12-31
    To	1998-05-08
    Time Span	128 days (4 biblical months, 8 days) (4 months, 5 days)
    Prophecy	I have brought something against you, but I Am with you.
    Fulfillment 	"Out of Egypt, have I called My son" (Hosea 11:1, Matthew 2:15). My girlfriend, went to Kings Cross and subsequently Campsie, to sleep with another Yoruba man, at my enemies house. 2020-05-02 You were going through, your not being necessary. 1997-12-31 + 7 Biblical Years = 1997-12-31 + 2520 days = 2004-11-24 Silvani Liveup. 1604-02-03...1998-05-08 = 400 Biblical years = 400 * 360 = 144000 days (Genesis 15:13, Revelation 7:4). "Do you not believe, that I will provide your need?" 1996-02-14... 1998-05-08, 814 days (2 biblical years, 3 biblical months, 4 days) (2 years, 2 months, 3 weeks, 3 days). 1996-06-06... 1998-05-08, 701 days (1 biblical year, 11 biblical months, 11 days) (1 year, 11 months, 1 day). 1995-10-15... 1996-02-14, 122 days (4 biblical months, 2 days) (3 months, 4 weeks, 2 days). 1996-02-14... 1996-10-15, 244 days (8 biblical months, 4 days) (8 months, 1 day). 122 / 366 = 0.33333333333333333333333333333333.
    From	2003-12-12
    To	2014-09-25
    Time Span	3940 days (10 biblical years, 11 biblical months, 10 days) (10 years, 9 months, 1 week, 6 days)
    Prophecy	You don't have the beast line, you are my beast line.
    Fulfillment 	Published on Mar 29, 2015 (Rabbi Jonathan Cahn reveals how he learned about the two cows with the number 7 on their heads having appeared in America. The news about the first one was spread on the 1st day of the Shemitah Year 7th year, the 2nd one was born on that same day on the beginning of the Shemitah Year, on September 25th, 2014. What do they stand for?). These video sections have been published at the Jim Bakker Show on March 25 and 26, 2015.
    From	2004-03-23
    To	2004-11-10
    Time Span	232 days (7 biblical months, 22 days) (7 months, 2 weeks, 4 days)
    Prophecy	Do you want a book, Ocean Senior.
    Fulfillment 	www.JesusInTheLamb.com Walking in the Lamb, you shall follow Me.
    From	1973-01-01
    To	2004-07-11
    Time Span	11514 days (31 biblical years, 11 biblical months, 24 days) (31 years, 6 months, 1 week, 3 days)
    Prophecy	The financial stock market has made a concerted effort to keep the British pound from rising beyond forty five percent (45%). Epoch timestamp: 1089504000.
    Fulfillment 	2004-01-01...2004-07-11 192 days (6 biblical months, 12 days) (6 months, 1 week, 3 days). 2008-06-12T10:00:00 Interview. Forty five percent, 45%, day Gregorian calendar. 16th & Mission Bart Station. Walk up Mission, from the 2000 block. Van Ness Muni Stop. Interviewers: Mike, Matthew, Raj Giri. Allaire Cold Fusion. Adobe. We don't know disame alike, as the two of us.
    From	1939-04-03
    To	2004-07-16
    Time Span	23846 days (66 biblical years, 2 biblical months, 26 days) (65 years, 3 months, 2 weeks)
    Prophecy	Tuskegee Airmen, money to train.
    Fulfillment 	Self, 1 in 1000, African descent United States of America (USA) religious men abstain as mercenaries to Germany. Leviticus. Father's land. Air drop. Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
    From	2008-03-11
    To	2011-03-11
    Time Span	1095 days (3 biblical years, 15 days) (3 years)
    Prophecy 	2008-03-11 September 22 2007-09-25 Guy Kawasaki "Asian angel of death." At the time of this prophecy, the author was working at Daigaku Honyaku Center (DHC). Ku means die in the Yoruba language.
    Fulfillment 	2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
    From	1944-09-26
    To	2008-01-17
    Time Span	23123 days (64 biblical years, 2 biblical months, 23 days) (63 years, 3 months, 3 weeks)
    Prophecy 	Human Apartheid. Hispanics that were born in the USA are being sent home. There must be a litmus test to determine their state of origin. Involvement of Germany.
    Fulfillment 	Jan Brewer. Arizona SB 1070.
    From	1969-10-04
    To	2010-01-25
    Time Span	14723 days (40 biblical years, 10 biblical months, 23 days) (40 years, 3 months, 3 weeks)
    Prophecy	
    Fulfillment	Dear America, your loom angle of contract is dead.
    From	2003-11-29
    To	2010-08-30
    Time Span	2466 days (6 biblical years, 10 biblical months, 6 days) (6 years, 8 months, 4 weeks, 1 day)
    Prophecy	Wienerschnitzel
    Fulfillment	The voice of Germany, the end of Germany.
    From	2011-05-29
    To	2011-09-09
    Time Span	103 days (3 biblical months, 13 days) (3 months, 1 week, 4 days)
    Prophecy	I spoke to Disraeli today, he said Israel must prepare for war, within twenty nine days. Played lawn tennis with some Hindi people.
    Fulfillment 	2011 attack on the Israeli Embassy in Egypt. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS).
    From	2014-09-30
    To	2016-09-30
    Time Span	731 days (2 biblical years, 11 days) (2 years, 1 day)
    Prophecy 	We need to replace the cook top as the current is too old and not worth fixing. Cost will be $659 supply and install of cooktop and dispose of old one.
    Fulfillment 	Joshua 6:26. Shimon Peres.
    Autobiography
    Faith An Yao
    Age difference
        Almost a Biblical generation, 40 years, separates Faith An Yao and the author.
        2023-08-31T08:57:00
            In the year 2024, the author will turn 57 years old.
            In the year 2024, Faith An Yao will turn 18 years old.
            In the year 2024, the combined years of Faith An Yao and the author will be 75 years.
    "
    Diaspora
        The author's 1st workplace in Nigeria and Australia was with Ibos and Jews respectively. Chyke Onyekwere like the author, studied in America. Ralph Silverman was a South African Jew. The author lived and worked in Lagos and Sydney, the commercial centers of both countries. Our experience and education must align with the migrants. As in Daigaku Honyaku Center (DHC). Reminded of success? Kowe? Yoruba speaking. Muñoz? Oral communication and speech. Where will I find the same...as me? I was getting training on how-to...place my work in life? Looking at me as a reflection of you.
    Education in Charlotte, North Carolina (NC)

    In-spite of racism...we can observe.
        Between 1994-1996, I completed 2 years of education at Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC), Charlotte, North Carolina (NC)
        I graduated with 3 Associate degrees in Electronics, Computers, and Electrical Engineering Technology from CPCC
        During the Summer of 1995, after completing the 1st Associate degree my twin sibling and I re-located to Atlanta, Georgia to live with my paternal uncle Niyi. Although I gained work employment at a fast food restaurant, I chose to return to CPCC to complete all 3 Associate degrees
        Between 1996-1998, I attended the University of North Carolina, Charlotte (UNCC) and graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering Technology - Computer Emphasis. I do not learn...out of others. My twin sibling and contemporaries are educational and career influences. I am a better tutor than a learner
            I contracted at Sunhealth Corporation. I added report columns. Legal (8.5 × 14 inches)
            I was hired at McKey Real Estate to develop a relational database application using R:Base 5000. My stumbling block was either to use the integrated development environment (IDE) wizard or learn from the manual
            In Charlotte, an African American male prospective employer asked me to learn the C programming language. At Central Corporation, I looked up to an African American male software engineer that came among others to install software. At Central Corporation, I also upgraded software developed using the C programming language by increasing the number of labels it prints for tape reels. What do I need of a capable human being? What resemblance has He made ( Genesis 32:28, Genesis 5:3, Genesis 4:17 )? What word reminds ( Mark 11:23 )?

    " "
    Style of Writing
    What has prompted your interest in the topic?

    The driving forces of arriving at the author's work are:
        During his education in Australia, the author was exposed to Case-Based Reasoning and Unified Modeling Language. Both themes will suggest the future is made of the possibility. We do not arrive at the future, at once, we gradually move into it.
        The author was receptive and felt most at home during worship.

    What kinds of questions will you be asking?

    How can no word be lost? How does the author preserve the word of God, audience, scenario, timing, reference? What retention has He made of His past?
    How do your questions fit into the broader intellectual tradition?

    The book, The Bible Code by Michael Drosnin, is the sole source for this religious work.
    How will you answer your questions?
    If love is not spent, where is it needed? "
    Last modified: 06/16/2024 00:48:00
    ""

"