CS 173 Midterm Exam 1 
The exam is on 10/15/2011, 1:00 – 4:00 pm. 
The exam consists of two parts 
Part I (Closed Book) 
Syllabus – Chapters 1 thru 6
Multi Choice questions , 25 questions, 4 points per question, Max. 100 points 
Part II (Open Book)
Software Task. You should write the code, test  and be prepared to solve  the following three tasks in advance. You will be asked to deploy one of the tasks ( random pick) from the following  list. You are allowed to use the jar , java or class files created by you . This part is open book exam. However, Points will be deducted you discuss or get help from other students or Instructor. Maximum points for Part II is 100 .Total Points for Midterm  is 200 Points. Execute the projects on glassfish server.

1.	Create a Servlet based application for a student survey consisting of a jsp login page – (username: ‘ ohlone1’, password: ’student1’). On successful login, open a  servlet based  Survey page with -Input Text boxes for -  student’s name, Id and Check Boxes for 5 courses : ASP, JSP, JavaEE, XML and C++). The user enters the details and checks some check boxes. When submit button is clicked, display a ‘ Thank you Mr.  name for taking the survey’  message along with the list of selected courses on a output jsp page. 

2.	Create a Servlet application for calculating the area of a triangle given the dimensions of the base ( side) and the height of a triangle. The formula for calculating the area is [½ * (base * height) ] . The opening page is a  jsp login page – (username: ’ohlone2’, password: ’student2’). On successful login, open a  second jsp page to input base and height data using two input boxes and a submit button. Validate the input data to accept only numbers between 1 - 9. On clicking the submit,  calculate the area using a servlet and display the result on an output jsp page. 

3.	Create a server project with multiple jsp pages, containing a login page, page for entering the ‘principal’ amount, interest rate (apr) and the duration, a page to calculate total interest using Simple and Compound interest rate formula , and  a results page which displays the total simple and compound interest in two boxes. Use suitable titles, prompts , units, buttons and any other components needed for a standard GUI.

710110T5:00


CS 173 J2EE & EJB 				Midterm 1               	name:
	All questions refer to the contents in the text book. 		Date:
If two answers are very close, choose the best one . The 4 choices is hidden in the following study guide, will be visible in the exam question paper .
								
1.	Eclipse  is a tool integration framework suitable for . 

2.	J2EE is a set of API’s  that allow web applications to run on 

3.	Web Tools Platform consists of  four independent layers. The following layer depends on Java Development Tools (JDT). 

4.	In the Web Services searching for a Web service is referred to as  

5.	 In Data Tools, SQL Scrapbook Editor allows us to create  

6.	 The following technique is used to simplify  Java EE Development 

7.	 In Java EE Webservices are deployed as 

8.	 The name of Java EE Deployment descriptor file is  web.xml and  is placed in the following folder .

9.	The following is added to a jsp page to make it dynamic  

10.	While designing a web application the business  logic should be put in 

11.	While designing a web application the Application  logic should be put in 


12.	Derby only supports connections from one process at a time. Hence after using data tools to establish a connection to a database    be sure to 

13.	The following is a low-level API and its use is error prone  

14.	 The capabilities of a Web service are described by a  

15.	 A Thick client runs on   

16.	 In a service-oriented system  the presentation layer  

17.	 Java EE Container provide services such as   

18.	Java Web Applications has two models. Model 1 is used  

19.	 If business logic is created using JSP, it  can become unmanageable due to 

20.	Web projects have builders, validators and code generators. The function of a generator is to  

21. Static Web projects can be deployed on   

22. Dynamic Web projects generally contain    

23. An EJB project can be used to build  

24. EJB Client Projects   

25. Java EE Enterprise applications have  

