https://app.testedrecruits.com/test/take/566/372937
2021-09-21T16:15:00

    This field is required
    This field is required

Front End Developer Skills Test v1.0 (LONG)

Description:

QUESTIONNAIRE: 15 minutes; VIDEO INTERVIEW (video camera needed): 15 minutes; DEVELOPMENT CHALLENGE: 60 minutes

Please note that we check all tests for plagiarism or copying. If you use any work product from any outside resource, please be sure to mention that. If we find any copied outside resource that is not cited, you will be disqualified immediately.

I understand I will be disqualified for plagiarism or unreferenced copying.

If you have a question about the test, please contact careers@coalitiontechnologies.com. Should you encounter any errors with this skills test, please send a screenshot and the URL and a description of the error to support@testedrecruits.com

Note: the video or the upload question can take some time to upload. If the upload appears unsuccessful, please reload the page - your answers should be saved, but you will have to enter your minimum acceptable salary and location again. If you are still unable to upload the video file, please upload a document with a link to your video instead.

    1.
    Question:

    Explain in 4-6 sentences why you are the best candidate for the position.
    Answer
    I bring personal asset; to the table.
    I have up-to 35 years in the computer science industry.
    My graphics skill are not the best; I have limited use and experience with cascading style sheet (CSS); but I have 12 years experience with JavaScript, and I am willing to learn.
    I have extensive experience in the industry and education.
    2.
    Question:

    What was your last (or current) job position? Title? Daily tasks? Accomplishments?
    Answer
    What was your last (or current) job position? Title? Software Engineer
    Daily tasks?

        Convert FoxPro order management application into C# ASP.NET AJAX.
        The user interface consists of the structure HTML, behavior (JavaScript), presentation CSS.
        Achieve re-use, efficient queries, mitigate the risk of SQL injection by writing stored procedures and user defined functions.

    Accomplishments?
    I have worked as a full-stack developer, in all facets of the industry.
    3.
    Question:

    What is the accomplishment you are most proud of?
    Answer
    In 1988, after my deportation from the United States of America (USA) to Nigeria, my country of birth; I programmed Kowe, meaning write, in the C language, a Yoruba language word processor and text editor, with dictionary and translator.
    4.
    Question:

    If we assigned three people to work with you on a complex project containing 75 tasks that you were responsible for, how would you organize this project?
    Answer
    I would determine what each person is best at doing, and delegate the assumption with our skill set.
    I may separate the work into four parts of 19 each; or let each worker choose each task and when they complete the task at hand, move on to the next task. Since I do not, about the time limitation or whatever constraints, then leisure work will do.
    5.
    Question:

    How would you handle a situation where another team member was critical of your work?
    Answer
    Validate there subjection.
    6.
    Question:

    What SEO principles are you familiar with? Have you done any other types of online marketing work?
    Answer
    Determining website metrics? Such as performance, static or dynamic content, responsive enhancement, Asynchronous Javascript XMLHTTPRequest (AJAX), mobile first, security.
    7.
    Question:

    What level of experience do you have with web design and development? Are you able to create nice website designs in Photoshop / Illustrator? Are you able to convert PSDs to pixel perfect HTML & CSS? Are you able to write PHP? Perform Sys Admin tasks?
    Answer
    What level of experience do you have with web design and development?
    In 1999, I worked for my first Internet, web, .com, start-up company. I worked as a database administrator, for 1-year. I also worked with WebTrends for web-site metrics and statistics, and the head of the company assigned me the task of data warehouse.
    Are you able to create nice website designs in Photoshop / Illustrator? I used Microsoft FrontPage and now I write by-hand. Are you able to convert PSDs to pixel perfect HTML & CSS? I make attempts.
    Are you able to write PHP? I learnt PHP at Ohlone Community College. Perform Sys Admin tasks? I have back-end Windows, UNIX, and Linux operating system skills; I have worked with relational database for the last 35-years; I have programming and scripting skills; for last 23-years I have maintained 365*24 up-time.
    8.
    Question:

    What technologies do you love that you don't see others in the industry doing yet?
    Answer
    Web Assembly.
    9.
    Question:

    Please share links to work of yours that has gone live and a description of what you did and challenges you overcame. You may also include links to your code repositories on git or other sites
    Answer
    GitHub.com/KenAdeniji GitHub Résumé Users kenadeniji.github.io/Github
    linkedin.com/in/ken-adeniji-1631844
    stackoverflow.com/users/10497357/ken-adeniji
    CloudBase http://builderprogram-kadeniji.quickbase.com/
    10.

    Please do your best to convert the PSD to HTML that is provided below.

    NOTE: You will need to right click and open in a new tab or copy and paste into a new tab to download the file.

    https://drive.google.com/a/coalitiontechnologies.com/file/d/0Bz94Vm8lJ5dTVEZzVldFSDZkVlk/view?usp=sharing

    Goal is to convert this into a single page response site. The carousel should be responsive. On mobile, the tabs should be converted to an accordion. History, team - these are internal links in the page to their respective sections.

    File
    100%
    File Upload Completed Successfully
    Remove the file

    TIP: Using a zip file may be the most efficient way to upload your test submission.

    If your file is large or your internet connection is slow, uploading this file can take several minutes (or even longer). Please be patient. Files must be no larger than 250 MB

    Note: the video or the upload question can take some time to upload. If the upload appears unsuccessful, please reload the page - your answers should be saved, but you will have to enter your minimum acceptable salary and location again. If you are still unable to upload the video file, please upload a document with a link to your video instead.

    This field is required
    11.

    Question:

    Make a short video introduction of yourself.

    VIDEO (3-5 minutes):
        Introduce yourself and explain your interest in this industry.
        What excites you most about Coalition's position?
        What are the top three reasons we should hire you?

    Video
    100%
    Video Upload Completed Successfully
    Remove the file

    If your video is large or your internet connection is slow, uploading this video can take several minutes or longer. Please be patient. Also note that your video will be uploaded to a completely private storage location for our recruiters to review. If you see old application videos, please notice that these are videos other applicants chose to upload to their own Youtube channel and share publicly. If you have problems with the upload, please just use any placeholder file here then you can upload the video to your Google Drive / Dropbox / etc and share it with us.

    Note: the video or the upload question can take some time to upload. If the upload appears unsuccessful, please reload the page - your answers should be saved, but you will have to enter your minimum acceptable salary and location again. If you are still unable to upload the video file, please upload a document with a link to your video instead.

    This field is required
    What is the minimum acceptable ANNUAL / YEARLY salary in US dollars for you to join our team?

    Convert from other currencies here https://www.google.com/finance/converter.

    Enter in a whole number with no symbols (use 1000 not $1,000.00) with no other text.

    Pay is a major factor in our hiring decision, please enter your true MINIMUM acceptable annual salary.
    Answer

What type of work location are you seeking?

If you are not already living close to our location, please do not select the option to work in our office.
Select your country from the list
What is your full address? (street address, city, state / territory, country)
Are you willing to work our standard hours in our timezone? PST


Your test is being submitted. Do not click refresh or back or anything else.
Tested Recruits

2021-09-21T15:47:00
Assumption
2021-09-21T15:18:00
Los Angeles (LA)
http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/web/d/san-francisco-remote-front-end-developer/7383575698.html
http://app.testedrecruits.com/test/take/566/new/7044686304c4cf49c7a785ae29cf3d4875da0eea

http://app.testedrecruits.com/test/take/566/372937
    Admin 

Front End Developer at Coalition Technologies

    Coalition Technologies's Job Listings

    Powered By TestedRecruits.com - all listings

Scroll to the bottom of the page to apply
WHY YOU SHOULD APPLY

Coalition Technologies is devoted to doing the highest quality of work for our clients while maintaining a fun, thriving environment for our team. Along with the opportunity to grow with our team, we are excited to offer:

    The most competitive profit-sharing bonus plans in the industry. We pay up to 50% of all profits monthly to all full-time employees!
    Joining our Coalition means you also get to enjoy paid time off and subsidized gym memberships.
    Our US-Based team members can enjoy our medical, dental, vision, and life insurance packages in all US states.
    Our international team members have the opportunity to participate in our International Insurance Reimbursement Program, a benefit unique to Coalition.

100% of our team works remotely with the support of time tracking software. Our company culture has specialized in supporting remote team members for over a decade. We welcome your application, wherever in the world it's coming from!
YOU SHOULD HAVE:

    An expertise in HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery
    A thorough understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues
    Experience with media queries
    A knowledge of CSS platforms such as Twitter’s Bootstrap
    An ability to multi-task on multiple projects and tasks at the same time
    Great attention to detail and be highly organized
    A positive and upbeat attitude with the ability to learn quickly
    Proficiency in PHP/MYSQL and AJAX (preferred)
    Experience with WordPress, BigCommerce, Magento, and Shopify (preferred)
    Excellent written and spoken English
    The availability to work 40 hours per week from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm PST
    The ability to adapt to a diverse and multicultural environment
    Passion to build a startup
    Reliable transportation if working in-house
    A reliable workstation with a fast computer, microphone and speakers, reliable internet and power if working remotely

YOUR DUTIES AND TASKS:

    Transforming complex layout PSDs into pixel-perfect presentation-layer HTML5/CSS3 templates
    Creating responsive website designs
    Building websites with WordPress, extending and developing plugins and themes
    Working with Photoshop, Illustrator, and Fireworks to create images optimized for the web
    Working with version control systems such as GIT / SVN
    Working under tight deadlines
    Handling multiple projects at the same time
    Producing high quality of work with a strong focus on detail

We are looking for talented and diligent candidates who excel in our skills tests, and will consider these candidates even if past experience or educational background criteria aren't met.
Apply for this job

We require a skills test including video as part of our hiring process.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Preferred contact method
How did you find us? *
Upload Your Resume *
Upload Your Cover Letter OPTIONAL

Location: 3750 S. Robertson Blvd, Culver City, CA, 90232, US